androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeViewAccessibilityDelegateCompat
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesManifestException
androidx.startup.InitializationProvider
androidx.savedstate.Recreator
com.google.android.material.timepicker.TimePickerView
com.google.firebase.ktx.FirebaseCommonLegacyRegistrar
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesMissingManifestValueException
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status
androidx.viewpager2.adapter.FragmentStateAdapter$FragmentMaxLifecycleEnforcer$3
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$Behavior
androidx.lifecycle.CompositeGeneratedAdaptersObserver
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.StackTraceRecoveryKt
com.google.firebase.concurrent.ExecutorsRegistrar
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationBehavior
com.vonage.webrtc.BuiltinAudioDecoderFactoryFactory
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement
com.google.android.gms.common.SupportErrorDialogFragment
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.AlarmManagerSchedulerBroadcastReceiver
com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.internal.AnalyticsConnectorRegistrar
com.google.firebase.components.ComponentDiscoveryService
com.vonage.webrtc.MediaStreamTrack
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior
androidx.recyclerview.widget.GridLayoutManager
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout
androidx.appcompat.widget.AlertDialogLayout
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuView
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout
com.google.android.material.theme.MaterialComponentsViewInflater
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnectionFactory
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandleController
androidx.lifecycle.ReflectiveGenericLifecycleObserver
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer
androidx.versionedparcelable.ParcelImpl
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.zzb
com.vonage.webrtc.RtpReceiver
androidx.compose.ui.platform.WrappedComposition
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsRegistrar
com.vonage.webrtc.BuiltinAudioEncoderFactoryFactory
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialTextInputPicker
com.vonage.webrtc.RtpSender
kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingService
com.google.firebase.datatransport.TransportRegistrar
androidx.lifecycle.SingleGeneratedAdapterObserver
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier
com.vonage.webrtc.audio.WebRtcAudioTrack
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$LifecycleOnBackPressedCancellable
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity$4
com.google.firebase.analytics.FirebaseAnalytics
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementReceiver
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingRegistrar
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ext.Java7SupportImpl
com.google.android.material.behavior.SwipeDismissBehavior
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$Behavior
com.google.android.gms.common.util.DynamiteApi
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationSheetBehavior
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockFaceView
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallReceiver
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout
com.google.firebase.provider.FirebaseInitProvider
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout
com.google.firebase.installations.ktx.FirebaseInstallationsKtxRegistrar
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager
com.example.myapp2.MainActivity
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesIncorrectManifestValueException
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks
com.vonage.webrtc.audio.JavaAudioDeviceModule
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ChipTextInputComboView
okhttp3.internal.publicsuffix.PublicSuffixDatabase
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.measurement.dynamite.ModuleDescriptor
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar
androidx.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleObserverAdapter
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader
androidx.lifecycle.WithLifecycleStateKt$suspendWithStateAtLeastUnchecked$2$observer$1
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat
androidx.compose.ui.platform.WindowRecomposer_androidKt$createLifecycleAwareWindowRecomposer$2
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.TransportBackendDiscovery
androidx.transition.FragmentTransitionSupport
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ext.Java7HandlersImpl
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.BasePendingResult
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ReflectedParcelable
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendarGridView
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleInitializer
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableTransformationBehavior
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandlesVM
com.google.firebase.components.ComponentRegistrar
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView
com.google.firebase.ktx.FirebaseCommonKtxRegistrar
androidx.lifecycle.RepeatOnLifecycleKt$repeatOnLifecycle$3$1$1$1
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessaging
com.vonage.webrtc.AudioTrack
androidx.lifecycle.LiveData$LifecycleBoundObserver
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView
androidx.appcompat.app.AlertController$RecycleListView
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline
com.google.android.material.behavior.HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior
com.vonage.webrtc.RtpTransceiver
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingKtxRegistrar
com.google.android.material.textview.MaterialTextView
androidx.versionedparcelable.CustomVersionedParcelable
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout
com.google.firebase.FirebaseCommonRegistrar
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView
androidx.lifecycle.LegacySavedStateHandleController$OnRecreation
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandleAttacher
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationScrimBehavior
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManager$6
androidx.loader.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.CctBackendFactory
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementJobService
androidx.fragment.app.Fragment$6
androidx.fragment.app.DialogFragment
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableBehavior
kotlin.Metadata
androidx.viewpager2.adapter.FragmentStateAdapter$2
com.google.android.material.internal.BaselineLayout
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleCallback
com.example.myapp2.FirebaseMessagingService
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialDatePicker
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.JobInfoSchedulerService
androidx.appcompat.widget.DialogTitle
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.ReflectionFactoryImpl
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat
com.google.firebase.messaging.ktx.FirebaseMessagingKtxRegistrar
com.vonage.webrtc.Logging
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior
androidx.activity.ImmLeaksCleaner
com.google.firebase.FirebaseCommonKtxRegistrar
androidx.annotation.Keep
com.example.myapp2.CallConnectionService
com.google.android.gms.common.ErrorDialogFragment
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleCoroutineScopeImpl
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior
com.google.android.gms.common.annotation.KeepName
androidx.lifecycle.LegacySavedStateHandleController$tryToAddRecreator$1
com.vonage.webrtc.MediaSource
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup
com.vonage.webrtc.audio.WebRtcAudioRecord
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.zzd
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockHandView
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallerInitializer
com.vonage.voice.utils.MediaUtils
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$Behavior
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementService
androidx.viewpager2.adapter.FragmentStateAdapter$5
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer$1
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsKtxRegistrar
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzb: boolean zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzb: boolean zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzc: boolean zzl
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LimitedDispatcher: int runningWorkers
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzd zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zze: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzd: int zze
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.Segment: int cleanedAndPointers
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzbe: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: int _isCompleted
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzh: java.lang.String zzf
kotlinx.coroutines.flow.StateFlowImpl: java.lang.Object _state
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: java.lang.String mTriggerEventName
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: long zzx
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzd zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzh: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzd: int zzf
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.DispatchedContinuation: java.lang.Object _reusableCancellableContinuation
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: boolean zzbj
com.google.android.material.datepicker.DateValidatorPointForward: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: int zze
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture: androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Listener listeners
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzi: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzi zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzar
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzm: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzae
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zza: boolean zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzg: java.lang.String zzf
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_CREATE
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzf: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzg: long zzg
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: long mCreationTimestamp
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzc: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zza: long zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzc: boolean zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: long zzau
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzg zzu
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: long zzf
com.google.android.gms.common.zzq: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzf: long zzh
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.measurement.dynamite.ModuleDescriptor: java.lang.String MODULE_ID
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zza: java.lang.String zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzl: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zag: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zze: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzb: java.lang.String zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza: boolean zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzn: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzjz zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzbq
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzh: double zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzc zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzu
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzl: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzl zzc
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_STOP
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: int zzay
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zza: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.common.zzo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: java.lang.String zzl
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_RESUME
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zze: long zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzd: boolean zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzc: int zze
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzae: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzg
com.google.android.gms.common.Feature: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: long zzav
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzj
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zai: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zze: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.MethodInvocation: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzh: int zze
kotlinx.coroutines.CancellableContinuationImpl: java.lang.Object _parentHandle
kotlinx.coroutines.CancelledContinuation: int _resumed
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzbf
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzh: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _removedRef
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzl: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzc: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zze: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzc: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzd: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzb: java.lang.String zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzj: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zzc zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzj: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzh: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzh zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzf: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzl: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzg
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: int workerCtl
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzg: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zze: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzc zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: boolean zzbb
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: boolean zzbh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzd: int zzf
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManager$LaunchedFragmentInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzc: boolean zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zze: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zze zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzd: boolean zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzv
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: boolean mActive
androidx.fragment.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: java.lang.Object sendSegment
com.google.android.material.datepicker.CalendarConstraints: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zze: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: int zzai
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter: androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter next
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzj: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zza zzc
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.measurement.dynamite.ModuleDescriptor: int MODULE_VERSION
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzt
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zza: int zze
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzh: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzo: java.lang.String zzg
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1: androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner this$0
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zze: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.material.datepicker.Month: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzm zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzo: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzf zzc
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: java.lang.Object _closeCause
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzc: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zze: boolean zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzad
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzb: java.lang.String zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: int zzh
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport$Finishing: int _isCompleting
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzd: java.lang.String zzi
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport: java.lang.Object _state
kotlinx.coroutines.CancellableContinuationImpl: java.lang.Object _state
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzm zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: int zzak
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzi: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzg: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzh: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zza zzbp
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzjt: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzmj zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzib: int zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzg: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: java.lang.String zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zze: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zze zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zze zzv
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzd: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zze: boolean zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzf zzf
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: java.lang.Object receiveSegment
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzg: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zzf: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzc zzbn
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzd zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzbe
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzh: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzf: boolean zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzb zzc
kotlinx.coroutines.flow.StateFlowSlot: java.lang.Object _state
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzc: boolean zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzb: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: long mTriggerTimeout
kotlinx.coroutines.DefaultExecutor: int debugStatus
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzd: java.lang.String zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: boolean zzm
androidx.versionedparcelable.ParcelImpl: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzo
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zak: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzf: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: java.lang.String mTimedOutEventName
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzbm
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zav: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: java.lang.String mName
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzag
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzi
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: java.lang.Object _queue
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueueCore: java.lang.Object _next
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzi
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: long zzj
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: long sendersAndCloseStatus
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: long mTimeToLive
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerContext: kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerContext _immediate
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzo: long zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzc: int zze
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int blockingTasksInBuffer
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzbi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzbk
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzi zzbc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zza: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzg: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzg zzc
androidx.customview.view.AbsSavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzj: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter: java.lang.Thread thread
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zza zzc
kotlinx.coroutines.InvokeOnCancelling: int _invoked
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzh: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzh zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zza: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzap
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event[] $VALUES
androidx.compose.runtime.ParcelableSnapshotMutableState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzm: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzjz zze
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueueCore: long _state
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ConcurrentLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _next
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzaj: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: java.lang.Object nextParkedWorker
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerDispatcherKt: android.view.Choreographer choreographer
com.google.android.gms.cloudmessaging.CloudMessage: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zza: java.lang.String zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzi zzt
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzc zzc
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_START
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ResizableAtomicArray: java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicReferenceArray array
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzq
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture: androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter waiters
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzon: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: long bufferEnd
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: long receivers
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzl zzas
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzao
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: long zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zze: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzc zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzf: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zza zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzd: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzal
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzb: int zze
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks$Companion Companion
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzn: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: java.lang.Object mValue
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zaa: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzm: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzjz zzf
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture: java.lang.Object value
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zzc: int zzg
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_PAUSE
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: long zzab
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: int indexInArray
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzaa
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zza zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: boolean zzz
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzm: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzf: int zzj
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader: java.lang.ClassLoader sClassLoader
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int consumerIndex
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzn: int zzf
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ThreadSafeHeap: int _size
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zze: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zze zzc
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: java.lang.String mTriggeredEventName
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: long mTriggeredTimestamp
com.google.android.gms.cloudmessaging.zzd: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zza: long zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzk
kotlinx.coroutines.DefaultExecutor: java.lang.Thread _thread
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: boolean zzaf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: long zzw
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueue: java.lang.Object _cur
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zze: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: int zzac
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzi: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzn: int zze
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: long completedExpandBuffersAndPauseFlag
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: android.os.Bundle mExpiredEventParams
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzbd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzo: double zzk
com.google.firebase.datatransport.TransportRegistrar: java.lang.String LIBRARY_NAME
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzi: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzf zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzb zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzf: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzb: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzf: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zza: int zze
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase$DelayedTask: java.lang.Object _heap
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzc: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzd: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzb zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.material.timepicker.TimeModel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzo: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzo zzc
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _next
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzf zzs
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zzc: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zzf: int zze
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.TelemetryData: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zzc: int zzf
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_DESTROY
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzba
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzg: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner this$0
com.google.android.gms.common.zzs: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzi: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzb zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zzf zzc
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ConcurrentLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _prev
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport: java.lang.Object _parentHandle
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzi: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzd: java.lang.String zzi
kotlin.SafePublicationLazyImpl: java.lang.Object _value
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzi: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zza: java.lang.String zzh
androidx.activity.result.IntentSenderRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzc: java.lang.String zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zza: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzb: boolean zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: android.os.Bundle mTriggeredEventParams
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzb: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzh
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport$Finishing: java.lang.Object _rootCause
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: java.lang.Object lastScheduledTask
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzb: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzb: boolean zzm
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ConnectionTelemetryConfiguration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_ANY
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzc: boolean zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzb: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzb zzc
com.google.firebase.messaging.RemoteMessage: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzf: long zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzb: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzn: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzn zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzo: java.lang.String zzh
androidx.transition.ChangeBounds$7: androidx.transition.ChangeBounds$ViewBounds mViewBounds
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: java.lang.Object bufferEndSegment
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzd: java.lang.String zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: long zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: long zzbg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzj: int zze
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzi: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzh: long zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: int zzbl
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdw: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzl: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzb: boolean zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzf zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzg: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzg zzc
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _prev
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: int zzf
androidx.fragment.app.BackStackRecordState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzc zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzaw
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzd zzc
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: long parkedWorkersStack
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzno: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzj: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzj zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zza: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zze: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzo: int zze
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: java.lang.String mOrigin
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzb: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzm: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: long zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzo: long zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzc: boolean zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: long zzam
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: int _isTerminated
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: long zzan
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event$Companion Companion
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzc: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzh: float zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zza: java.lang.String zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkc zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzh: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzjt: java.util.Map zzc
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: java.lang.String mAppId
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzj: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzo: float zzj
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: java.lang.String mExpiredEventName
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzb: java.lang.String zzf
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: java.lang.Object _delayed
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zza: java.lang.String zzf
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport$Finishing: java.lang.Object _exceptionsHolder
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: java.lang.Object _preHandler
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzjt: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzax
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzah
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzi: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzi zzc
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty: android.os.Bundle mTimedOutEventParams
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzh: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zzf: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.GetServiceRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzf: int zze
kotlinx.coroutines.CancellableContinuationImpl: int _decisionAndIndex
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingRegistrar: java.lang.String LIBRARY_NAME
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzb: java.lang.String zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsRegistrar: java.lang.String LIBRARY_NAME
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzi: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzf: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzd: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: int zzs
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzbf: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: int zzaj
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzll zzd
androidx.activity.result.ActivityResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzi: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzc: boolean zzh
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: java.lang.Object closeHandler
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzf: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: java.lang.String zzy
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzi: java.lang.String zzf
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zza: boolean zzi
com.google.android.gms.common.ConnectionResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: long controlState
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzm: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzm zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzb: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzd zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzc: boolean zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: boolean zzaz
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zza zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zze: boolean zzk
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int producerIndex
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzg: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzd: double zzk
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zzk: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zzi: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: int zzaq
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzka zzat
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: int zzbo
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzd: int zze
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.AtomicOp: java.lang.Object _consensus
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzb: java.lang.String zzf
kotlinx.coroutines.CompletedExceptionally: int _handled
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzk: long zzm
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.RootTelemetryConfiguration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void clearMeasurementEnabled(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: FitWindowsLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: float onPullDistance(android.widget.EdgeEffect,float,float)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetTop(android.view.DisplayCutout)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.util.NameTransformer: NameTransformer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setInflatedId(int)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialDatePicker: MaterialDatePicker()
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.JobInfoSchedulerService: JobInfoSchedulerService()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetLeft()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzjh: com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzjh[] values()
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.ClientConfigRegion: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.ClientConfigRegion[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterOverflowTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatReceiveContentHelper$OnDropApi24Impl: boolean onDropForTextView(android.view.DragEvent,android.widget.TextView,android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat getDisplayCutout()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int[] getAutoSizeTextAvailableSizes()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getNavigationContentDescription()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setEdgeEffectFactory(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$EdgeEffectFactory)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api24Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setCustomBigContentView(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.widget.RemoteViews)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void getAppInstanceId(com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdo)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEndPadding(float)
androidx.loader.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel: LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateX(float)
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api34Impl: int getScaledMinimumFlingVelocity(android.view.ViewConfiguration,int,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownHorizontalOffset()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getIconTintMode(android.view.MenuItem)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleCallback: com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleFragment getChimeraLifecycleFragmentImpl(com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleActivity)
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableBehavior: ExpandableBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api24Impl: android.icu.text.DecimalFormatSymbols getInstance(java.util.Locale)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxStrokeWidthFocused()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.semantics.SemanticsOwner getSemanticsOwner()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setBreakStrategy(android.widget.TextView,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getGravity()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsetsForType(int,boolean)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setFillViewport(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.ViewLayer: androidx.compose.ui.platform.DrawChildContainer getContainer()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Effect$InvocationKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Effect$InvocationKind[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.lazy.types.JavaTypeFlexibility: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.lazy.types.JavaTypeFlexibility[] values()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void setSgtmDebugInfo(android.content.Intent)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.TypeUsage: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.TypeUsage[] values()
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$TcpCandidatePolicy: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$TcpCandidatePolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.installations.remote.TokenResult$ResponseCode: com.google.firebase.installations.remote.TokenResult$ResponseCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: java.lang.CharSequence getText()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: java.lang.CharSequence getChipText()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.util.internal.PrivateMaxEntriesMap$DrainStatus: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.util.internal.PrivateMaxEntriesMap$DrainStatus[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getIconTintMode()
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathOffset(float)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: void clearConditionalUserProperty(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.text.ICUCompat$Api24Impl: android.icu.util.ULocale addLikelySubtags(java.lang.Object)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.util.AccessPattern: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.util.AccessPattern valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: long generateEventId()
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzje$zza: com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzje$zza[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setShowMotionSpecResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView$Api21Impl: void drawableHotspotChanged(android.view.View,float,float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDividerDrawable()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setCornerRadiusResource(int)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeViewAccessibilityDelegateCompat$TranslateStatus: androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeViewAccessibilityDelegateCompat$TranslateStatus[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getShowDividers()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileVerifier$Api33Impl: android.content.pm.PackageInfo getPackageInfo(android.content.pm.PackageManager,android.content.Context)
com.vonage.android_core.PushType: com.vonage.android_core.PushType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.CctBackendFactory: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.TransportBackend create(com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.CreationContext)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillApi26Helper: boolean isText(android.view.autofill.AutofillValue)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.json.JsonReadFeature: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.json.JsonReadFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: boolean getHasPendingMeasureOrLayout()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextClassifierHelper$Api26Impl: android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier getTextClassifier(android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: java.util.List getCheckedButtonIds()
androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType: androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setInsetBottom(int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonFormat$Shape: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonFormat$Shape[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.shape.MaterialShapeDrawable getBoxBackground()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: java.util.List getCheckedChipIds()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: NavigationMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory$Feature: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory$Feature valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getLastWindowInsets()
androidx.core.os.BundleApi21ImplKt: void putSizeF(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.util.SizeF)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeWidthResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginTop(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: ActionMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconTintResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$Api29Impl: void setInputMethodMode(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete,int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: android.widget.Button getActionView()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setCheckedId(int)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void setMinimumSessionDuration(long)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.LoggingLevel: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.LoggingLevel valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.typeEnhancement.MutabilityQualifier: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.typeEnhancement.MutabilityQualifier[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitleTextColor(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setMaxWidth(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleTextColor(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdm: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdj asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
com.google.android.material.theme.MaterialComponentsViewInflater: MaterialComponentsViewInflater()
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView: void setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.JsonNodeFeature: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.JsonNodeFeature[] values()
kotlin.Metadata: java.lang.String[] d1()
androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.java.measurement.MeasurementManagerFutures$Api33Ext5JavaImpl: com.google.common.util.concurrent.ListenableFuture getMeasurementApiStatusAsync()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidthFocused(int)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatDelegateImpl$Api24Impl: void setLocales(android.content.res.Configuration,androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat)
androidx.core.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$Api34Impl: boolean isAxisSupported(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.ClientConfigRegion: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.ClientConfigRegion valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void performAction(android.os.Bundle,com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdo,long)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void removeOnUnhandledKeyEventListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$OnUnhandledKeyEventListenerCompat)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEndWithActions()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: java.util.Map getUserProperties(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMinHeight(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30)
androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.measurement.MeasurementManager$Api33Ext5Impl: java.lang.Object deleteRegistrations(androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.measurement.DeletionRequest,kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockFaceView: ClockFaceView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator getItemAnimator()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setupButtonChild(com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getInsetBottom()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.error.ErrorEntity: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.error.ErrorEntity valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetRight()
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnectionFactory: void nativeInitializeAndroidGlobals()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder createBuilder(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.View keyboardNavigationClusterSearch(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void getSessionId(com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdo)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.ViewLayer: void setInvalidated(boolean)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionItemInfoCompat buildCollectionItemInfoCompat(boolean,int,int,int,int,boolean,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.AbstractTypeResolver: AbstractTypeResolver()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconSize(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconTintResource(int)
com.google.firebase.FirebaseCommonKtxRegistrar: java.util.List getComponents()
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.OptBoolean: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.OptBoolean valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getStableInsets()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getTextHeight()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void onActivityPaused(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPopupBackground()
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnectionFactory: void nativeInjectLoggable(com.vonage.webrtc.JNILogging,int)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.CSConversationEventType: com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.CSConversationEventType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getOrientation()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getHintFromLayout()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.node.OwnerSnapshotObserver getSnapshotObserver()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidViewsHandler: java.util.HashMap getHolderToLayoutNode()
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonParser$Feature: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonParser$Feature valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.ClassKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.ClassKind[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconResource(int)
androidx.compose.ui.unit.LayoutDirection: androidx.compose.ui.unit.LayoutDirection valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api24Impl: android.content.Context createDeviceProtectedStorageContext(android.content.Context)
okhttp3.internal.publicsuffix.PublicSuffixDatabase: PublicSuffixDatabase()
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$PortPrunePolicy: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$PortPrunePolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.annotations.AnnotationUseSiteTarget: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.annotations.AnnotationUseSiteTarget valueOf(java.lang.String)
okhttp3.internal.http2.ErrorCode: okhttp3.internal.http2.ErrorCode[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: java.lang.String getCurrentScreenName()
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: java.io.Writer _decorate(java.io.Writer,com.fasterxml.jackson.core.io.IOContext)
androidx.core.content.res.FontResourcesParserCompat$Api21Impl: int getType(android.content.res.TypedArray,int)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: void setButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$IceTransportsType: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$IceTransportsType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat computeSystemWindowInsets(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.graphics.Rect)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportImageTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.functions.FunctionClassKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.functions.FunctionClassKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.RenderNodeVerificationHelper28: int getAmbientShadowColor(android.view.RenderNode)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getCloseIconSize()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMinWidthResource(int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.annotation.JsonSerialize$Inclusion: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.annotation.JsonSerialize$Inclusion valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View)
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallerInitializer$Handler28Impl: android.os.Handler createAsync(android.os.Looper)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: android.view.View getView()
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationScrimBehavior: FabTransformationScrimBehavior()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setSystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.modifier.ModifierLocalManager getModifierLocalManager()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCounterTextColor()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ListPopupWindow$Api29Impl: void setIsClippedToScreen(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat$Params getTextMetricsParamsCompat()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getContentHeight()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.ContextAttributes: ContextAttributes()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconActivated(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextFuture(java.util.concurrent.Future)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.constants.IntegerLiteralTypeConstructor$Companion$Mode: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.constants.IntegerLiteralTypeConstructor$Companion$Mode[] values()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setChildDrawingOrderCallback(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ChildDrawingOrderCallback)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: long getMinDurationBetweenContentChangeMillis(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getLogoDescription()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.ViewLayer$UniqueDrawingIdApi29: long getUniqueDrawingId(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setSubtitleCentered(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewGroupCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$BundlePolicy: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$BundlePolicy[] values()
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationBehavior: FabTransformationBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeWidth(float)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$CandidateNetworkPolicy: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$CandidateNetworkPolicy[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeMaxTextSize()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.JsonSerializer: JsonSerializer()
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonTypeInfo$Id: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonTypeInfo$Id[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$QualifiedNameTable$QualifiedName$Kind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$QualifiedNameTable$QualifiedName$Kind valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getStateDescription(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setRootViewData(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$Api29Impl: void setTouchModal(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setAnimationMode(int)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementReceiver: AppMeasurementReceiver()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBoxStrokeErrorColor()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getScrollRange()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSelectionRequired(boolean)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api23Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setLargeIcon(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.graphics.drawable.Icon)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxStrokeWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: ActionBarContainer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.SpecialGenericSignatures$SpecialSignatureInfo: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.SpecialGenericSignatures$SpecialSignatureInfo valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconDrawable(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.WindowCallbackWrapper$Api24Impl: void onProvideKeyboardShortcuts(android.view.Window$Callback,java.util.List,android.view.Menu,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerPadding(int)
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api21Impl: void onPull(android.widget.EdgeEffect,float,float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setElevation(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextMetricsParamsCompat(androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat$Params)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonTypeInfo$As: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonTypeInfo$As valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.SocketConnectionStatus: com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.SocketConnectionStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat inset(int,int,int,int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Class$Kind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Class$Kind valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.socket.engineio.client.Socket$ReadyState: io.socket.engineio.client.Socket$ReadyState[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api26Impl: int getAutoSizeStepGranularity(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: androidx.core.view.ContentInfoCompat performReceiveContent(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ContentInfoCompat)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSuffixTextColor()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.UnsignedArrayType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.UnsignedArrayType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStart()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier getTextClassifier()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginStart(int)
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer: EmojiCompatInitializer()
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getImageTintMode(android.widget.ImageView)
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api23Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getColorStateList(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginBottom(int)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: android.view.WindowInsets createWindowInsetsInstance()
androidx.compose.ui.unit.LayoutDirection: androidx.compose.ui.unit.LayoutDirection[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCloseIcon()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setMargin(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.ViewLayerVerificationHelper31: void setRenderEffect(android.view.View,androidx.compose.ui.graphics.RenderEffect)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconStartPadding(float)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setMandatorySystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$TypeParameter$Variance: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$TypeParameter$Variance valueOf(java.lang.String)
co.touchlab.kermit.Severity: co.touchlab.kermit.Severity[] values()
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonFormat$Feature: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonFormat$Feature[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getPlaceholderTextAppearance()
com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.internal.AnalyticsConnectorRegistrar: com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.AnalyticsConnector lambda$getComponents$0(com.google.firebase.components.ComponentContainer)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.text.Editable getText()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setGroup(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.typeEnhancement.TypeComponentPosition: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.typeEnhancement.TypeComponentPosition[] values()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setCompoundDrawableTintList(android.widget.TextView,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStartWithNavigation()
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.Nulls: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.Nulls valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$Api23Impl: void setDropDownViewTheme(android.widget.ThemedSpinnerAdapter,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setTimeoutAfter(android.app.Notification$Builder,long)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: void setOnViewTreeOwnersAvailable(kotlin.jvm.functions.Function1)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.RenderNodeVerificationHelper23: void destroyDisplayListData(android.view.RenderNode)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getHelperText()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void logEvent(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,boolean,boolean,long)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatDelegateImpl$Api33Impl: android.window.OnBackInvokedCallback registerOnBackPressedCallback(java.lang.Object,androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatDelegateImpl)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.StreamWriteCapability: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.StreamWriteCapability[] values()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.WrapperRenderNodeLayerHelperMethods: void onDescendantInvalidated(androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo$ExtraRenderingInfo getExtraRenderingInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setAutoSizeTextTypeWithDefaults(int)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat getChild(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,int,int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.jvm.JvmProtoBuf$StringTableTypes$Record$Operation: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.jvm.JvmProtoBuf$StringTableTypes$Record$Operation[] values()
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: int getRowCount()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ListPopupWindow$Api24Impl: int getMaxAvailableHeight(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,boolean)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonGenerator$Feature: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonGenerator$Feature valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getImageTintList(android.widget.ImageView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(int)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeViewAccessibilityDelegateCompat$ViewTranslationHelperMethodsS: void onVirtualViewTranslationResponses(androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeViewAccessibilityDelegateCompat,android.util.LongSparseArray)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.MapperFeature: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.MapperFeature[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconResource(int)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder$Api21Impl: android.media.AudioAttributes$Builder setUsage(android.media.AudioAttributes$Builder,int)
androidx.appcompat.view.WindowCallbackWrapper$Api26Impl: void onPointerCaptureChanged(android.view.Window$Callback,boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipTextResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void initForTests(java.util.Map)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setAllowsGoneWidget(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean isConsumed()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat getDisplayCutout()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getHintCollapsedTextHeight()
kotlin.time.DurationUnit: kotlin.time.DurationUnit[] values()
androidx.core.text.ICUCompat$Api21Impl: java.lang.String getScript(java.util.Locale)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatDelegateImpl$Api33Impl: android.window.OnBackInvokedDispatcher getOnBackInvokedDispatcher(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusBottomEnd()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: java.lang.Integer getNavigationIconTint()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getMaxScrollAmount()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.SpecialGenericSignatures$TypeSafeBarrierDescription: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.SpecialGenericSignatures$TypeSafeBarrierDescription[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperText(java.lang.CharSequence)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.FieldOverridabilityCondition: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.ExternalOverridabilityCondition$Result isOverridable(kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.CallableDescriptor,kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.CallableDescriptor,kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.ClassDescriptor)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.jvm.JvmBuiltInsCustomizer$JDKMemberStatus: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.jvm.JvmBuiltInsCustomizer$JDKMemberStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPresenter(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: MaterialButtonToggleGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.common.collect.Ordering: Ordering()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.FieldOverridabilityCondition: FieldOverridabilityCondition()
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonGenerator$Feature: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonGenerator$Feature[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.Variance: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.Variance[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onStopNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl: AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.ObjectCodec: ObjectCodec()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.jsontype.PolymorphicTypeValidator$Validity: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.jsontype.PolymorphicTypeValidator$Validity[] values()
com.google.firebase.heartbeatinfo.HeartBeatInfo$HeartBeat: com.google.firebase.heartbeatinfo.HeartBeatInfo$HeartBeat valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getBottomFadingEdgeStrength()
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.firebase.ktx.FirebaseCommonLegacyRegistrar: FirebaseCommonLegacyRegistrar()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeColor(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconDrawable(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void suppressLayout(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean isImportantForAutofill(android.view.View)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonGenerator createGenerator(java.io.Writer)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: int getMargin()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior: BottomAppBar$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.kotlin.AbstractBinaryClassAnnotationLoader$PropertyRelatedElement: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.kotlin.AbstractBinaryClassAnnotationLoader$PropertyRelatedElement valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutInflater(android.view.LayoutInflater)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMinWidth(int)
kotlinx.coroutines.flow.SharingCommand: kotlinx.coroutines.flow.SharingCommand valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$PortPrunePolicy: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$PortPrunePolicy[] values()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder$Api21Impl: android.media.AudioAttributes build(android.media.AudioAttributes$Builder)
kotlin.LazyThreadSafetyMode: kotlin.LazyThreadSafetyMode[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setAutoSizeTextTypeWithDefaults(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setHideMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageLevel(int)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconPadding(int)
androidx.startup.InitializationProvider: InitializationProvider()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Icon toIcon(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setHorizontalPadding(int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.type.WritableTypeId$Inclusion: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.type.WritableTypeId$Inclusion valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setSingleSelection(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatDelegate$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList localeListForLanguageTags(java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMinWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
kotlinx.serialization.json.internal.WriteMode: kotlinx.serialization.json.internal.WriteMode[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxStrokeColor()
androidx.core.os.BundleApi21ImplKt: void putSize(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.util.Size)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeWidthResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api26Impl: void setAutoSizeTextTypeUniformWithPresetSizes(android.widget.TextView,int[],int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setPressable(boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.BaselineLayout: int getBaseline()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getIconSize()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.kotlin.header.KotlinClassHeader$Kind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.kotlin.header.KotlinClassHeader$Kind valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatReceiveContentHelper$OnDropApi24Impl: boolean onDropForView(android.view.DragEvent,android.view.View,android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: float getActionTextColorAlpha()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setAllCaps(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: long getNanoTime()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.node.LayoutNode getRoot()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.RenderNodeVerificationHelper24: void discardDisplayList(android.view.RenderNode)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setHasFixedSize(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: java.lang.String[] getReceiveContentMimeTypes(android.view.View)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.annotations.KotlinRetention: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.annotations.KotlinRetention[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.error.ErrorScopeKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.error.ErrorScopeKind[] values()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: int getNumericModifiers(android.view.MenuItem)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeColorStateList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconVisible(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getEndIconDrawable()
kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons: kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.LegacySavedStateHandleController$OnRecreation: LegacySavedStateHandleController$OnRecreation()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$Api23Impl: void setExitTransition(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.transition.Transition)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: void getShowLayoutBounds$annotations()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipEndPadding(float)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.JsonNodeFeature: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.JsonNodeFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setOnHierarchyChangeListener(android.view.ViewGroup$OnHierarchyChangeListener)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setLocusId(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.Object)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.util.internal.PrivateMaxEntriesMap$DrainStatus: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.util.internal.PrivateMaxEntriesMap$DrainStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzl$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzl$zzb[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Annotation$Argument$Value$Type: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Annotation$Argument$Value$Type[] values()
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.HangupReason: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.HangupReason[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeColorResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getFirstBaselineToTopHeight()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api28Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder addPerson(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.app.Person)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: java.util.List getConditionalUserProperties(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutFrozen(boolean)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnectionFactory: void nativeDeleteLoggable()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getChipSpacingVertical()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBaseline()
com.google.firebase.messaging.ktx.FirebaseMessagingKtxRegistrar: FirebaseMessagingKtxRegistrar()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.input.pointer.PointerIconService getPointerIconService()
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.CallDisconnectReason: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.CallDisconnectReason valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperTextEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsKtxRegistrar: FirebaseInstallationsKtxRegistrar()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.ViewLayerVerificationHelper28: void setOutlineAmbientShadowColor(android.view.View,int)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setPublicVersion(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.app.Notification)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29: AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl: void computeAndSetTextDirection(android.text.StaticLayout$Builder,android.widget.TextView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.deprecation.DeprecationLevelValue: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.deprecation.DeprecationLevelValue valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setGroupSummary(android.app.Notification$Builder,boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getForeground()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void resetAnalyticsData(long)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.Base64Variant$PaddingReadBehaviour: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.Base64Variant$PaddingReadBehaviour[] values()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: ListMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: ChipGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewGroupCompat$Api21Impl: void setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior: FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.ExternalOverridabilityCondition$Result: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.ExternalOverridabilityCondition$Result valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconContentDescription(int)
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawable(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeDisplayCutout()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.util.ArrayList getCurrentMenuItems()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setOnCheckedChangeListenerInternal(android.widget.CompoundButton$OnCheckedChangeListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.String permissionToOp(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzj$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfy$zzj$zzb[] values()
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$TcpCandidatePolicy: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$TcpCandidatePolicy[] values()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api23Impl: int getLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AlertDialogLayout: AlertDialogLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAccessibilityHeading(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setFirstBaselineToTopHeight(int)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: void setButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.measurement.MeasurementManager$Api33Ext5Impl: java.lang.Object registerTrigger(android.net.Uri,kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void addKeyboardNavigationClusters(android.view.View,java.util.Collection,int)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.platform.AccessibilityManager getAccessibilityManager()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginEnd()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.lazy.types.JavaTypeFlexibility: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.lazy.types.JavaTypeFlexibility valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
com.example.myapp2.MainActivity: MainActivity()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: void setAccessibilityDataSensitive(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,boolean)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: void setTextSelectable(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,boolean)
com.vonage.voice.utils.MediaUtils: void nativeEnableInsertableStream(long,java.lang.String[])
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable createFromXmlInner(android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.PropertyAccessorRenderingPolicy: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.PropertyAccessorRenderingPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api21Impl: java.util.Locale forLanguageTag(java.lang.String)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: AndroidDispatcherFactory()
kotlin.Metadata: java.lang.String pn()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setWeightSum(float)
io.socket.engineio.client.Transport$ReadyState: io.socket.engineio.client.Transport$ReadyState[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconDrawable(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList forLanguageTags(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView: void setListSelectionHidden(boolean)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.firebase.transport.LogEventDropped$Reason: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.firebase.transport.LogEventDropped$Reason valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPopupTheme(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout: ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getTextWidth()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getIcon()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: SnackbarContentLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarHideOffset(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipCornerRadius(float)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void applyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setShortcut(android.view.MenuItem,char,char,int,int)
androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType: androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType[] values()
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$RtcpMuxPolicy: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$RtcpMuxPolicy[] values()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.SerializationFeature: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.SerializationFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
androidx.emoji2.text.ConcurrencyHelpers$Handler28Impl: android.os.Handler createAsync(android.os.Looper)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getInsetTop()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeStepGranularity()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnLayoutChangeListener(com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$OnLayoutChangeListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity$Api33Impl: android.window.OnBackInvokedDispatcher getOnBackInvokedDispatcher(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getCornerRadius()
com.vonage.clientcore.core.middlewares.media.MediaConnectionState: com.vonage.clientcore.core.middlewares.media.MediaConnectionState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.compose.ui.graphics.CanvasZHelper: void enableZ(android.graphics.Canvas,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.view.WindowCallbackWrapper$Api23Impl: boolean onSearchRequested(android.view.Window$Callback,android.view.SearchEvent)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.error.ErrorTypeKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.error.ErrorTypeKind[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getInflatedId()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.RenderNodeVerificationHelper28: void setSpotShadowColor(android.view.RenderNode,int)
androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.measurement.MeasurementManager$Api33Ext5Impl: java.lang.Object registerWebTrigger(androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.measurement.WebTriggerRegistrationRequest,kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getRootWindowInsets(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.MaterialAutoCompleteTextView: void setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Annotation$Argument$Value$Type: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Annotation$Argument$Value$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.ReportLevel: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.ReportLevel[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEndPaddingResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement getInstance(android.content.Context)
androidx.activity.Api34Impl: int swipeEdge(android.window.BackEvent)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.UnsignedType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.UnsignedType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillType: androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStartPadding(float)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconSize(int)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.ViewLayer: androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView getOwnerView()
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.OptBoolean: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.OptBoolean[] values()
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api23Impl: void requestPermissions(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String[],int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: void setConfigurationChangeObserver(kotlin.jvm.functions.Function1)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getFillAlpha()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void setUserId(java.lang.String,long)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: CoordinatorLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton getEndIconToUpdateDummyDrawable()
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView: void setHoverListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuItemHoverListener)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: void setContentCaptureSession(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.contentcapture.ContentCaptureSessionCompat)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: androidx.core.graphics.PathParser$PathDataNode[] getPathData()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setSingleSelection(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundMode(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setRootWindowInsets(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonTypeInfo$Id: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonTypeInfo$Id valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$AdapterType: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$AdapterType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportImageTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: Chip(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMajor()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAccessibilityPaneTitle(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void setSessionTimeoutDuration(long)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api24Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setRemoteInputHistory(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.CharSequence[])
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector: com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector[] values()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.EnumFeature: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.EnumFeature[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Effect$EffectType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Effect$EffectType[] values()
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnectionFactory: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnectionFactory nativeCreatePeerConnectionFactory(android.content.Context,com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnectionFactory$Options,long,long,long,com.vonage.webrtc.VideoEncoderFactory,com.vonage.webrtc.VideoDecoderFactory,long,long,long,long,long)
kotlinx.serialization.json.internal.WriteMode: kotlinx.serialization.json.internal.WriteMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setNavigationIconTint(int)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.JavaIncompatibilityRulesOverridabilityCondition: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.ExternalOverridabilityCondition$Result isOverridable(kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.CallableDescriptor,kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.CallableDescriptor,kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.ClassDescriptor)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.platform.SoftwareKeyboardController getSoftwareKeyboardController()
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.CctBackendFactory: CctBackendFactory()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusTopStart()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.annotations.KotlinTarget: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.annotations.KotlinTarget[] values()
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$Api33Impl: void unregisterOnBackInvokedCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonParser treeAsTokens(com.fasterxml.jackson.core.TreeNode)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: void set_viewTreeOwners(androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView$ViewTreeOwners)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior: BottomAppBar$Behavior()
androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour: androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour[] values()
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api29Impl: android.app.RemoteInput$Builder setEditChoicesBeforeSending(android.app.RemoteInput$Builder,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Api24Impl: boolean areNotificationsEnabled(android.app.NotificationManager)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.os.BundleCompat$Api33Impl: java.lang.Object getParcelable(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,java.lang.Class)
kotlin.Metadata: java.lang.String xs()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: IconCompatParcelizer()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat inset(int,int,int,int)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeViewAccessibilityDelegateCompat$ViewTranslationHelperMethodsS: void onCreateVirtualViewTranslationRequests(androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeViewAccessibilityDelegateCompat,long[],int[],java.util.function.Consumer)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setTappableElementInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$VersionRequirement$Level: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$VersionRequirement$Level valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api24Impl: boolean isDeviceProtectedStorage(android.content.Context)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.KeyDeserializer: KeyDeserializer()
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiExclusions$EmojiExclusions_Api34: java.util.Set getExclusions()
com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.internal.AnalyticsConnectorRegistrar: AnalyticsConnectorRegistrar()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$SdpSemantics: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$SdpSemantics valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconResource(int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.DatabindContext: DatabindContext()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEditText(android.widget.EditText)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void copyWindowDataInto(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getTypeface()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: void setLastMatrixRecalculationAnimationTime$ui_release(long)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api30Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Icon createWithAdaptiveBitmapContentUri(android.net.Uri)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.serialization.deserialization.descriptors.DeserializedContainerAbiStability: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.serialization.deserialization.descriptors.DeserializedContainerAbiStability valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterTextAppearance(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setImportantForAutofill(android.view.View,int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean isRound()
com.vonage.voice.utils.MediaUtils: void nativeDisableInsertableStream(long)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Type$Argument$Projection: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Type$Argument$Projection[] values()
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: RemoteActionCompatParcelizer()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getClipToPadding()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType[] values()
kotlin.reflect.KVariance: kotlin.reflect.KVariance valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void getCurrentScreenClass(com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdo)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void setDataCollectionEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setVerticalGravity(int)
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setOrientation(int)
kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons: kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: float getAlpha()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingVertical(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatDelegateImpl$Api24Impl: void generateConfigDelta_locale(android.content.res.Configuration,android.content.res.Configuration,android.content.res.Configuration)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPlaceholderText()
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getRootStableInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapsible(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingHorizontalResource(int)
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableBehavior: ExpandableBehavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetEndWithActions(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxCollapsedPaddingTop(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.type.LogicalType: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.type.LogicalType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getDefaultHintTextColor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMinHeight()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconCheckable(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzd$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzgd$zzd$zza[] values()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: java.util.List getDependencySortedChildren()
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader: DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder addAction(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.app.Notification$Action)
com.google.android.material.radiobutton.MaterialRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getMaterialThemeColorsTintList()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo$AccessibilityAction getActionScrollInDirection()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathStart()
com.vonage.webrtc.BuiltinAudioDecoderFactoryFactory: long nativeCreateBuiltinAudioDecoderFactory()
com.vonage.webrtc.SessionDescription$Type: com.vonage.webrtc.SessionDescription$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: float getDistance(android.widget.EdgeEffect)
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillType: androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillType[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandlesVM: SavedStateHandlesVM()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.os.ConfigurationCompat$Api24Impl: void setLocales(android.content.res.Configuration,androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.calls.AnnotationConstructorCaller$CallMode: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.calls.AnnotationConstructorCaller$CallMode[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathOffset()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1(androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getContentDescription(android.view.MenuItem)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.UnsignedType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.UnsignedType[] values()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getNestedScrollAxes()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void isDataCollectionEnabled(com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdo)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$KeyType: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$KeyType[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleInitializer: ProcessLifecycleInitializer()
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationScrimBehavior: FabTransformationScrimBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.firebase.FirebaseCommonKtxRegistrar: FirebaseCommonKtxRegistrar()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setCategory(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.autofill.AutofillId getAutofillId(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api24Impl: void setTextLocales(android.widget.TextView,android.os.LocaleList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarVisibilityCallback(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType[] values()
androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat$Api21Impl: java.util.Locale forLanguageTag(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getHideMotionSpec()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setSortKey(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuView: NavigationMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$MessageType: com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$MessageType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: int checkOpNoThrow(android.app.AppOpsManager,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getChipIconTint()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.node.JsonNodeType: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.node.JsonNodeType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ser.Serializers$Base: Serializers$Base()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.ViewLayerContainer: void dispatchGetDisplayList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper: void writeValue(com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonGenerator,java.lang.Object)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.deprecation.DeprecationLevelValue: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.deprecation.DeprecationLevelValue[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundColorResource(int)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: void setBoundsInWindow(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.graphics.Rect)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag[] values()
kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult: kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: java.lang.String hintOnError()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setPressed(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getActionBarHideOffset()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setShowDividerHorizontal(int)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.zzb: zzb()
com.google.firebase.ktx.FirebaseCommonLegacyRegistrar: java.util.List getComponents()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeStepGranularity()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void generateEventId(com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdo)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.textfield.EndIconDelegate getEndIconDelegate()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.platform.ClipboardManager getClipboardManager()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconEnabled(boolean)
androidx.compose.ui.state.ToggleableState: androidx.compose.ui.state.ToggleableState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.json.JsonReadFeature: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.json.JsonReadFeature[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingResource(int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonParser$NumberType: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonParser$NumberType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: int getItemSpacing()
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.errors.VonageErrorType: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.errors.VonageErrorType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$RtcpMuxPolicy: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$RtcpMuxPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotX(float)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getOptimizationLevel()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingHorizontal(int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.typeEnhancement.NullabilityQualifier: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.typeEnhancement.NullabilityQualifier[] values()
com.google.common.collect.AbstractIterator$State: com.google.common.collect.AbstractIterator$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.firebase.analytics.FirebaseAnalytics: java.lang.String getFirebaseInstanceId()
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api28Impl: int getScaledHoverSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCheckMarkDrawable(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: TextInputLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.activity.Api34Impl: float touchY(android.window.BackEvent)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$ThemeCompat$Api29Impl: void rebase(android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleY()
com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.SocketConnectionFailedReason: com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.SocketConnectionFailedReason valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: int getRootAlpha()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.RenderingFormat: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.RenderingFormat[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: void setReferencedIds(int[])
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setBackgroundTintList(android.view.View,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipIconSize()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidth(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: android.view.WindowInsets onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getLastBaselineToBottomHeight()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: void getLastMatrixRecalculationAnimationTime$ui_release$annotations()
androidx.core.os.ConfigurationCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList getLocales(android.content.res.Configuration)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonParser$Feature: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonParser$Feature[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextEndPaddingResource(int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ser.SerializerFactory: SerializerFactory()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setSelectionRequired(boolean)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.checkbox.MaterialCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getMaterialThemeColorsTintList()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.AnnotationArgumentsRenderingPolicy: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.AnnotationArgumentsRenderingPolicy[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setConstraintSet(androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintSet)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.text.input.TextInputService getTextInputService()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconVisible(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory$Feature: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory$Feature[] values()
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: java.util.List getBoundingRects(android.view.DisplayCutout)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.SessionErrorReason: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.SessionErrorReason[] values()
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.AlarmManagerSchedulerBroadcastReceiver: AlarmManagerSchedulerBroadcastReceiver()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api31Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder setAuthenticationRequired(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: android.graphics.Matrix getLocalMatrix()
androidx.appcompat.widget.TooltipCompat$Api26Impl: void setTooltipText(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageLevel(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: boolean isConsumed()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetLeft()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setNextClusterForwardId(android.view.View,int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.serialization.deserialization.AnnotatedCallableKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.serialization.deserialization.AnnotatedCallableKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: ExpandedMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.functions.FunctionClassKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.functions.FunctionClassKind[] values()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setSound(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.net.Uri,java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void setConsent(android.os.Bundle,long)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckableResource(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setMaxLines(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintInternal(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatDelegateImpl$Api21Impl: boolean isPowerSaveMode(android.os.PowerManager)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DialogTitle: DialogTitle(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getStableInsets()
okhttp3.TlsVersion: okhttp3.TlsVersion[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.Object requireViewById(android.view.View,int)
androidx.compose.ui.node.LayoutNode$UsageByParent: androidx.compose.ui.node.LayoutNode$UsageByParent[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getStrokeWidth()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean hasExplicitFocusable(android.view.View)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder setContextual(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,boolean)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.conversation.VoiceChannelType: com.vonage.clientcore.core.conversation.VoiceChannelType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.ViewLayer: androidx.compose.ui.graphics.Path getManualClipPath()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: java.lang.String getGroupName()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageResource(int)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: int noteProxyOpNoThrow(android.app.AppOpsManager,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$KeyType: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$KeyType valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.serialization.deserialization.builtins.BuiltInsLoaderImpl: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.PackageFragmentProvider createPackageFragmentProvider(kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.storage.StorageManager,kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.ModuleDescriptor,java.lang.Iterable,kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.deserialization.PlatformDependentDeclarationFilter,kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.deserialization.AdditionalClassPartsProvider,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getVirtualChildCount()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setAllCaps(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: Toolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.ErasedOverridabilityCondition: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.ExternalOverridabilityCondition$Result isOverridable(kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.CallableDescriptor,kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.CallableDescriptor,kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.ClassDescriptor)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void setMeasurementEnabled(boolean,long)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: void addDataResultToIntent(androidx.core.app.RemoteInput,android.content.Intent,java.util.Map)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: int[] getReferencedIds()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipDrawable(com.google.android.material.chip.ChipDrawable)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: AndroidExceptionPreHandler()
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonProperty$Access: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonProperty$Access valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getFillColor()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable loadDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Icon,android.content.Context)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[],int[])
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: void endAdUnitExposure(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateY()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: float getWeightSum()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportImageTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: void setFontFamilyResolver(androidx.compose.ui.text.font.FontFamily$Resolver)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconCheckable(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29: boolean isHorizontallyScrollable(android.widget.TextView)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.VoiceInviteCancelReason: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.VoiceInviteCancelReason[] values()
com.google.firebase.installations.remote.InstallationResponse$ResponseCode: com.google.firebase.installations.remote.InstallationResponse$ResponseCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.layout.Placeable$PlacementScope getPlacementScope()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableDelegateState: int getChangingConfigurations()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: void setAttachListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout$OnAttachListener)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: int getChangingConfigurations(android.content.res.TypedArray)
com.vonage.webrtc.Logging: void nativeLog(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.heartbeatinfo.HeartBeatInfo$HeartBeat: com.google.firebase.heartbeatinfo.HeartBeatInfo$HeartBeat[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipMinHeight(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType[] values()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.ViewLayer: void setCameraDistancePx(float)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: java.lang.String getAppInstanceId()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setIconTintList(android.view.MenuItem,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.model.CaptureStatus: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.model.CaptureStatus[] values()
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonInclude$Include: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonInclude$Include valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: void setPathData(androidx.core.graphics.PathParser$PathDataNode[])
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getVerticalScrollFactorCompat()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.input.InputModeManager getInputModeManager()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.ParameterNameRenderingPolicy: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.ParameterNameRenderingPolicy[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: void getBoundsInWindow(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.graphics.Rect)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathStart(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setLineHeight(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportImageTintList()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setShowDividerVertical(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setColorized(android.app.Notification$Builder,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle$Api23Impl: void setBigLargeIcon(android.app.Notification$BigPictureStyle,android.graphics.drawable.Icon)
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonAutoDetect$Visibility: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonAutoDetect$Visibility[] values()
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: boolean canUseCharArrays()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAlignedChildIndex(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTransitioning(boolean)
kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult: kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api26Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable createAdaptiveIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setPreserveFocusAfterLayout(boolean)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.node.RootForTest getRootForTest()
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: int noteProxyOp(android.app.AppOpsManager,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.jvm.JvmPrimitiveType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.jvm.JvmPrimitiveType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: boolean onNestedFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.annotations.KotlinTarget: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.annotations.KotlinTarget valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconStartPaddingResource(int)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.coreshims.ViewCompatShims$Api26Impl: android.view.autofill.AutofillId getAutofillId(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginStart()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setFirstBaselineToTopHeight(android.widget.TextView,int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.StreamReadCapability: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.StreamReadCapability valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void setInstanceIdProvider(com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdu)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api24Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder setAllowGeneratedReplies(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetRight()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.CallableMemberDescriptor$Kind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.CallableMemberDescriptor$Kind valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
kotlin.collections.AbstractMutableSet: AbstractMutableSet()
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: RemoteActionCompatParcelizer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzkd[] values()
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.util.BufferRecycler _getBufferRecycler()
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$BundlePolicy: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$BundlePolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat: IconCompat()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.RenderNodeApi29VerificationHelper: void setRenderEffect(android.graphics.RenderNode,androidx.compose.ui.graphics.RenderEffect)
androidx.core.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Api24Impl: int getImportance(android.app.NotificationManager)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsRegistrar: com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsApi lambda$getComponents$0(com.google.firebase.components.ComponentContainer)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.ViewLayerVerificationHelper28: void setOutlineSpotShadowColor(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$Api33Impl: void tryUnregisterOnBackInvokedCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setOnPressedChangeListenerInternal(com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton$OnPressedChangeListener)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: Snackbar$SnackbarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.SerializationFeature: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.SerializationFeature[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setId(int)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.LegStatus: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.LegStatus[] values()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetStartWithNavigation(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setGuidelineBegin(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzs[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setFlexWrap(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginTop()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView$SuperCaller getSuperCaller()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetStart()
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.StreamReadFeature: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.StreamReadFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: int getPopupTheme()
androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType: androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.storage.LockBasedStorageManager$NotValue: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.storage.LockBasedStorageManager$NotValue[] values()
com.vonage.webrtc.Logging$Severity: com.vonage.webrtc.Logging$Severity valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: JsonFactory()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setOnCloseIconClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView$ViewTreeOwners get_viewTreeOwners()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void getUserProperties(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdo)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.CallableMemberDescriptor$Kind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.CallableMemberDescriptor$Kind[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemGestureInsets()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipCornerRadiusResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.textview.MaterialTextView: MaterialTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewUtils$Api29Impl: void computeFitSystemWindows(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMaxWidth(int)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api34Impl: void setLineHeight(android.widget.TextView,int,float)
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$Api33Impl: void tryRegisterOnBackInvokedCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setBubbleMetadata(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.app.Notification$BubbleMetadata)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemGestureInsets()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void onActivityResumed(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper,long)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setCompoundDrawableTintMode(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.MotionEventVerifierApi29: boolean isValidMotionEvent(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
com.google.android.material.internal.BaselineLayout: BaselineLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCheckMarkTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzmz: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzmz[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.typeEnhancement.TypeComponentPosition: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.typeEnhancement.TypeComponentPosition valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setLogo(int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.descriptors.JavaMethodDescriptor$ParameterNamesStatus: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.descriptors.JavaMethodDescriptor$ParameterNamesStatus[] values()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: void setUniqueId(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.String getSystemServiceName(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getIconEndPadding()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconVisible(int)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setTooltipText(android.view.MenuItem,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.deser.ValueInstantiator: ValueInstantiator()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.draganddrop.DragAndDropManager getDragAndDropManager()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api26Impl: android.content.ComponentName startForegroundService(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: int getWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.jsontype.SubtypeResolver: SubtypeResolver()
kotlinx.coroutines.flow.SharingCommand: kotlinx.coroutines.flow.SharingCommand[] values()
kotlin.Metadata: int[] bv()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: java.lang.String getGroup(android.app.Notification)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setLines(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void loadReflectionField()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHasNonEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHint(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setScreenReaderFocusable(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: boolean onStartNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.EnumFeature: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.EnumFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillTree getAutofillTree()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.ParameterNameRenderingPolicy: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.ParameterNameRenderingPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$Api21Impl: boolean getClipToPadding(android.view.ViewGroup)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setVisibility(android.app.Notification$Builder,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: androidx.appcompat.widget.DecorToolbar getWrapper()
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zzd[] values()
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setImageTintMode(android.widget.ImageView,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void setConditionalUserProperty(android.os.Bundle,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsException$Status: com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsException$Status[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api26Impl: float getScaledVerticalScrollFactor(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: android.view.DisplayCutout createDisplayCutout(android.graphics.Rect,java.util.List)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: kotlin.jvm.functions.Function1 getConfigurationChangeObserver()
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: void setSingleLine(boolean)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder addRemoteInput(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,android.app.RemoteInput)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonParser$NumberType: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonParser$NumberType[] values()
com.vonage.clientcore.core.reducers.call.CallDirection: com.vonage.clientcore.core.reducers.call.CallDirection[] values()
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity: GoogleApiActivity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setSplitBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzln: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzln[] values()
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow: kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow[] values()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.CoercionAction: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.CoercionAction[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setAllowStacking(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getChipBackgroundColor()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getCloseIconStartPadding()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setSuffixTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$QualifiedNameTable$QualifiedName$Kind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$QualifiedNameTable$QualifiedName$Kind[] values()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatDelegate$Api33Impl: void localeManagerSetApplicationLocales(java.lang.Object,android.os.LocaleList)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.ViewLayer: float getCameraDistancePx()
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillApi26Helper: boolean isList(android.view.autofill.AutofillValue)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getPaddingWidth()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setActionView(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior: AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.incremental.components.ScopeKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.incremental.components.ScopeKind[] values()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecycledViewPool(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean hasNestedScrollingParent(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconStartPaddingResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: IconCompatParcelizer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginBottom()
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$IceTransportsType: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$IceTransportsType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: int getImportantForAutofill(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList getDefault()
com.google.android.material.radiobutton.MaterialRadioButton: void setUseMaterialThemeColors(boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForeground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
okhttp3.Protocol: okhttp3.Protocol[] values()
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusTopEnd()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setDpMargin(int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.annotation.JsonSerialize$Inclusion: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.annotation.JsonSerialize$Inclusion[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getHintTextColor()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setTappableElementInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getErrorCurrentTextColors()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setAutofillHints(android.view.View,java.lang.String[])
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.AnnotationArgumentsRenderingPolicy: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.AnnotationArgumentsRenderingPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$VersionRequirement$VersionKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$VersionRequirement$VersionKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.FirebaseCommonRegistrar: FirebaseCommonRegistrar()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType: androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacing(int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.example.myapp2.CallConnectionService: CallConnectionService()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerWidth()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle$Api31Impl: void setBigPicture(android.app.Notification$BigPictureStyle,android.graphics.drawable.Icon)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getStartIconContentDescription()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper: java.lang.Object readValue(com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonParser,java.lang.Class)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.TypeSubstitutor$VarianceConflictType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.TypeSubstitutor$VarianceConflictType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableTransformationBehavior: ExpandableTransformationBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setMaxLines(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout getTextInputLayout()
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType[] values()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void onActivityStopped(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper,long)
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api23Impl: int getColor(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener getOnFlingListener()
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$PeerConnectionState: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$PeerConnectionState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperTextTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleLine(boolean)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: java.lang.String getCollectionItemColumnTitle(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCheckedIcon()
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: void setOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void copyWindowDataInto(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.VoiceInviteCancelReason: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.VoiceInviteCancelReason valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.behavior.SwipeDismissBehavior: SwipeDismissBehavior()
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api20Impl: android.os.Bundle getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
com.google.android.datatransport.Priority: com.google.android.datatransport.Priority[] values()
com.vonage.webrtc.audio.JavaAudioDeviceModule: long nativeCreateAudioDeviceModule(android.content.Context,android.media.AudioManager,com.vonage.webrtc.audio.WebRtcAudioRecord,com.vonage.webrtc.audio.WebRtcAudioTrack,int,int,boolean,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.google.firebase.provider.FirebaseInitProvider: FirebaseInitProvider()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeMinTextSize()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.AnnotationIntrospector$ReferenceProperty$Type: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.AnnotationIntrospector$ReferenceProperty$Type[] values()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.RenderNodeVerificationHelper28: void setAmbientShadowColor(android.view.RenderNode,int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: int getMaxWidth()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api30Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getStateDescription(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidAccessibilityManager getAccessibilityManager()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipBackgroundColorResource(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: ConstraintLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: java.lang.String getA11yClassName()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Action build(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder)
androidx.core.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$Api34Impl: float getAxisVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int,int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.platform.TextToolbar getTextToolbar()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMajor()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.SpecialGenericSignatures$TypeSafeBarrierDescription: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.SpecialGenericSignatures$TypeSafeBarrierDescription valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingKtxRegistrar: FirebaseMessagingKtxRegistrar()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: MaterialToolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCompoundDrawableTintList(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: android.view.LayoutInflater getLayoutInflater()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconEndPaddingResource(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getIconPadding()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getTappableElementInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.RenderingFormat: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.RenderingFormat valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getErrorContentDescription()
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzbx: boolean onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonTypeInfo$As: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonTypeInfo$As[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Effect$InvocationKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Effect$InvocationKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.random.Random: Random()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: Guideline(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPreDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: int getLineSpacing()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.OverrideRenderingPolicy: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.OverrideRenderingPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconPadding(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipEndPaddingResource(int)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.java.measurement.MeasurementManagerFutures$Api33Ext5JavaImpl: com.google.common.util.concurrent.ListenableFuture registerTriggerAsync(android.net.Uri)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextClassifier(android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.ExternalOverridabilityCondition$Result: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.ExternalOverridabilityCondition$Result[] values()
androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.measurement.MeasurementManager$Api33Ext5Impl: java.lang.Object registerWebSource(androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.measurement.WebSourceRegistrationRequest,kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.incremental.components.ScopeKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.incremental.components.ScopeKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendarGridView: MaterialCalendarGridView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.compose.ui.node.LayoutNode$LayoutState: androidx.compose.ui.node.LayoutNode$LayoutState[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillApi26Helper: android.view.autofill.AutofillId getAutofillId(android.view.ViewStructure)
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzcn: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzcn[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getError()
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialTextInputPicker: MaterialTextInputPicker()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: void setRequestInitialAccessibilityFocus(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,boolean)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.String getResPackage(java.lang.Object)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.ConstructorDetector$SingleArgConstructor: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.ConstructorDetector$SingleArgConstructor valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollingTouchSlop(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconVisible(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20)
com.google.android.material.checkbox.MaterialCheckBox: void setUseMaterialThemeColors(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPrefixText()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void getGmpAppId(com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdo)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean restoreDefaultFocus(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownWidth(int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.deser.ValueInstantiators$Base: ValueInstantiators$Base()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.OverrideRenderingPolicy: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.OverrideRenderingPolicy[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Type$Argument$Projection: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Type$Argument$Projection valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.storage.LockBasedStorageManager$NotValue: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.storage.LockBasedStorageManager$NotValue valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setEllipsize(android.text.TextUtils$TruncateAt)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: android.view.View$AccessibilityDelegate getAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setSingleLine(boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeColor(int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.CoercionInputShape: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.CoercionInputShape valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.compose.ui.text.font.TypefaceHelperMethodsApi28: android.graphics.Typeface create(android.graphics.Typeface,int,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean isKeyboardNavigationCluster(android.view.View)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1: void onActivityPostStarted(android.app.Activity)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper: java.lang.Object readValue(com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonParser,com.fasterxml.jackson.core.type.TypeReference)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.type.WritableTypeId$Inclusion: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.type.WritableTypeId$Inclusion[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setCornerRadius(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: void onActivityPreCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$SpinnerPopup getInternalPopup()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Api23Impl: android.text.StaticLayout createStaticLayoutForMeasuring(java.lang.CharSequence,android.text.Layout$Alignment,int,int,android.widget.TextView,android.text.TextPaint,androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setPrimaryBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipStartPadding()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostStarted(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void registerOnMeasurementEventListener(com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdp)
androidx.core.os.UserManagerCompat$Api24Impl: boolean isUserUnlocked(android.content.Context)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.incremental.components.NoLookupLocation: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.incremental.components.NoLookupLocation valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemWindowInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int[] getAutoSizeTextAvailableSizes()
com.google.firebase.messaging.threads.ThreadPriority: com.google.firebase.messaging.threads.ThreadPriority[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getShowMotionSpec()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownWidth()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setAlpha(float)
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonInclude$Include: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonInclude$Include[] values()
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillApi23Helper: void setId(android.view.ViewStructure,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.widget.TextView getTitleTextView()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeStableInsets()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPrefixText(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$Api29Impl: void refreshAutoCompleteResults(android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.text.TextUtils$TruncateAt getEllipsize()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow: kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCheckMarkTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingRegistrar: FirebaseMessagingRegistrar()
okhttp3.internal.http2.ErrorCode: okhttp3.internal.http2.ErrorCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMajor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getPrefixTextColor()
com.google.firebase.datatransport.TransportRegistrar: java.util.List getComponents()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setLocalOnly(android.app.Notification$Builder,boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconSizeResource(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setTitleCentered(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getScrollState()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: void setSystemGestureExclusionRects(android.view.View,java.util.List)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: boolean isScreenReaderFocusable(android.view.View)
kotlin.Metadata: java.lang.String[] d2()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipMinHeight()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setGroupAlertBehavior(android.app.Notification$Builder,int)
okhttp3.TlsVersion: okhttp3.TlsVersion valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier getTextClassifier()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper: java.lang.Object treeToValue(com.fasterxml.jackson.core.TreeNode,java.lang.Class)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder$Api21Impl: android.media.AudioAttributes$Builder setLegacyStreamType(android.media.AudioAttributes$Builder,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnScrollListener(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconContentDescription(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setClipToPadding(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: java.lang.CharSequence getPrompt()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMinWidth(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: int hashCode()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat getParent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.PropertyAccessor: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.PropertyAccessor valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$Event: com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$Event valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillColor(int)
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillApi26Helper: boolean isToggle(android.view.autofill.AutofillValue)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.AnnotationIntrospector$ReferenceProperty$Type: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.AnnotationIntrospector$ReferenceProperty$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseContentDescription(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setRotation(float)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: void inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getCloseIconEndPadding()
androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat$Api21Impl: boolean matchesLanguageAndScript(java.util.Locale,java.util.Locale)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void getConditionalUserProperties(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdo)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.zzd: zzd()
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$Api23Impl: void setEnterTransition(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.transition.Transition)
com.google.firebase.encoders.proto.Protobuf$IntEncoding: com.google.firebase.encoders.proto.Protobuf$IntEncoding valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonParser createParser(java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.protobuf.AbstractMessageLite: AbstractMessageLite()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setLastBaselineToBottomHeight(int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.filter.TokenFilter$Inclusion: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.filter.TokenFilter$Inclusion valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzco: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzco[] values()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setAccessibilityDelegateCompat(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate)
androidx.core.text.ICUCompat$Api24Impl: android.icu.util.ULocale forLocale(java.util.Locale)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setAlphabeticShortcut(android.view.MenuItem,char,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeMaxTextSize()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.CallDisconnectReason: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.CallDisconnectReason[] values()
okhttp3.Protocol: okhttp3.Protocol valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.Rect getCloseIconTouchBoundsInt()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.widget.TextView getSubtitleTextView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: android.widget.TextView getMessageView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setCustomView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathEnd()
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api26Impl: float getScaledHorizontalScrollFactor(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setDefaultHintTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingRegistrar: java.util.List getComponents()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void endAdUnitExposure(java.lang.String,long)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockHandView: ClockHandView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setForceShowIcon(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatDelegate$Api33Impl: android.os.LocaleList localeManagerGetApplicationLocales(java.lang.Object)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.HangupReason: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.HangupReason valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaseline()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api29Impl: int getEditChoicesBeforeSending(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetRight(android.view.DisplayCutout)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeColorResource(int)
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api23Impl: void onSharedElementsReady(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setFitsSystemWindows(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getPopupTheme()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumWidth()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setElevation(float)
io.socket.client.Manager$ReadyState: io.socket.client.Manager$ReadyState[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Visibility: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Visibility[] values()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void getMaxUserProperties(java.lang.String,com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdo)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterMaxLength(int)
androidx.activity.Api34Impl: float touchX(android.window.BackEvent)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setGeneratedIdIfNeeded(com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton)
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillApi26Helper: void setAutofillId(android.view.ViewStructure,android.view.autofill.AutofillId,int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.JavaIncompatibilityRulesOverridabilityCondition: JavaIncompatibilityRulesOverridabilityCondition()
com.google.firebase.ktx.FirebaseCommonKtxRegistrar: java.util.List getComponents()
com.google.firebase.components.ComponentDiscoveryService: ComponentDiscoveryService()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundResource(int)
kotlin.LazyThreadSafetyMode: kotlin.LazyThreadSafetyMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zze: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfr$zza$zze[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderTextEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: java.util.List getSystemGestureExclusionRects(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.DrawChildContainer: int getChildCount()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeWidth(float)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: java.lang.String getUniqueId(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipEndPadding()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMaxWidthResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setSearchView(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityPaneTitle(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: FitWindowsFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.SerializerProvider: SerializerProvider()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.jvm.JvmPrimitiveType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.jvm.JvmPrimitiveType[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemAnimator(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppLocalesMetadataHolderService$Api24Impl: int getDisabledComponentFlag()
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api34Impl: int getScaledMaximumFlingVelocity(android.view.ViewConfiguration,int,int,int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallerInitializer: ProfileInstallerInitializer()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: void setImportantForContentCapture(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.PrimitiveType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.PrimitiveType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setPrecomputedText(androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.calls.AnnotationConstructorCaller$Origin: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.calls.AnnotationConstructorCaller$Origin[] values()
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallReceiver: ProfileInstallReceiver()
com.vonage.webrtc.SessionDescription$Type: com.vonage.webrtc.SessionDescription$Type[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: boolean isAccessibilityHeading(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29: void computeAndSetTextDirection(android.text.StaticLayout$Builder,android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton getEndIconView()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setSmoothScrollingEnabled(boolean)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.LoggingLevel: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.LoggingLevel[] values()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void setEventInterceptor(com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdp)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: boolean isImportantForContentCapture(android.view.View)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotY(float)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.AnnotationQualifierApplicabilityType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.AnnotationQualifierApplicabilityType[] values()
androidx.activity.Api34Impl: float progress(android.window.BackEvent)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.middlewares.http.HTTPClient$HTTPMethod: com.vonage.clientcore.core.middlewares.http.HTTPClient$HTTPMethod[] values()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void setConsentThirdParty(android.os.Bundle,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getChipDrawable()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void clearConditionalUserProperty(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.socket.engineio.client.Socket$ReadyState: io.socket.engineio.client.Socket$ReadyState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillCallback: void register(androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AndroidAutofill)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setContentDescription(android.view.MenuItem,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillApi26Helper: void setAutofillType(android.view.ViewStructure,int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonToken: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonToken valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setRippleColorResource(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void registerIn(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setShowingForActionMode(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCheckedIconTint()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeViewTranslationCallbackS: void setViewTranslationCallback(android.view.View,android.view.translation.ViewTranslationCallback)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.model.TypeVariance: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.model.TypeVariance valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView$ViewTreeOwners getViewTreeOwners()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: int getAlphabeticModifiers(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setOverlayMode(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29)
com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.internal.AnalyticsConnectorRegistrar: java.util.List getComponents()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setOnInflateListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat inset(int,int,int,int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.Modality: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.Modality[] values()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setDrawDisappearingViewsLast(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$Api34Impl: android.window.OnBackInvokedCallback createOnBackAnimationCallback(kotlin.jvm.functions.Function1,kotlin.jvm.functions.Function1,kotlin.jvm.functions.Function0,kotlin.jvm.functions.Function0)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.node.JsonNodeType: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.node.JsonNodeType[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterOverflowTextAppearance(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setUiOptions(int)
com.google.firebase.datatransport.TransportRegistrar: com.google.android.datatransport.TransportFactory lambda$getComponents$2(com.google.firebase.components.ComponentContainer)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setFocusedByDefault(android.view.View,boolean)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Class$Kind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Class$Kind[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: void setConditionalUserProperty(com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$ConditionalUserProperty)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: AppMeasurementDynamiteService()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.text.font.Font$ResourceLoader getFontLoader()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.common.SupportErrorDialogFragment: SupportErrorDialogFragment()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: android.net.Uri getUri(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationSheetBehavior: FabTransformationSheetBehavior()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getEndIconMode()
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzga: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzga[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.DescriptorRendererModifier: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.DescriptorRendererModifier valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setNumericShortcut(android.view.MenuItem,char,int)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api24Impl: java.io.File getDataDir(android.content.Context)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.annotation.JsonSerialize$Typing: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.annotation.JsonSerialize$Typing[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillApi23Helper: android.view.ViewStructure newChild(android.view.ViewStructure,int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleX(float)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar: MaterialCalendar()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$Api33Impl: android.window.OnBackInvokedCallback newOnBackInvokedCallback(java.lang.Runnable)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void onActivityStarted(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCheckMarkTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getStrokeColor()
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzf$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzf$zzb[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.conversation.CallCompleteReason: com.vonage.clientcore.core.conversation.CallCompleteReason valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$AdapterType: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$AdapterType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownVerticalOffset(int)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$BubbleMetadata toPlatform(androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata)
com.google.firebase.concurrent.UiExecutor: com.google.firebase.concurrent.UiExecutor valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownHorizontalOffset(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setCheckedId(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportImageTintMode()
androidx.constraintlayout.solver.SolverVariable$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.solver.SolverVariable$Type[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getMandatorySystemGestureInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: void setQueryFromAppProcessEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder$Api21Impl: android.media.AudioAttributes$Builder setContentType(android.media.AudioAttributes$Builder,int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean startNestedScroll(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: void setMaxInlineActionWidth(int)
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: android.widget.EdgeEffect create(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesMissingManifestValueException: GooglePlayServicesMissingManifestValueException()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.platform.ViewConfiguration getViewConfiguration()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: int getMaxInlineActionWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(int)
com.google.firebase.concurrent.UiExecutor: com.google.firebase.concurrent.UiExecutor[] values()
kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart: kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText$SuperCaller getSuperCaller()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMinor()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.ViewLayer: long getOwnerViewId()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.calls.AnnotationConstructorCaller$CallMode: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.calls.AnnotationConstructorCaller$CallMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonFormat$Feature: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonFormat$Feature valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonParser _createParser(java.io.Reader,com.fasterxml.jackson.core.io.IOContext)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setOptimizationLevel(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getMandatorySystemGestureInsets()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void setDefaultEventParameters(android.os.Bundle)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.unit.Density getDensity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitleOptional(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: int getImportantForContentCapture(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.PropertyAccessor: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.PropertyAccessor[] values()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setAdapter(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: float getBackgroundOverlayColorAlpha()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setGravity(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleSelection(int)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void getTestFlag(com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdo,int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotY()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.jvm.JvmBuiltInsCustomizer$JDKMemberStatus: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.jvm.JvmBuiltInsCustomizer$JDKMemberStatus[] values()
com.google.firebase.datatransport.TransportRegistrar: com.google.android.datatransport.TransportFactory lambda$getComponents$1(com.google.firebase.components.ComponentContainer)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderText(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.JsonNode: JsonNode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCheckMarkDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api24Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setCustomContentView(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.widget.RemoteViews)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getCheckedChipId()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.deser.Deserializers$Base: Deserializers$Base()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzak: com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzak[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconSize(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidViewsHandler getAndroidViewsHandler$ui_release()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeSystemWindowInsets()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.ViewLayer: long getLayerId()
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setGravity(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.View getNavButtonView()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.jsontype.TypeDeserializer: TypeDeserializer()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.structure.LightClassOriginKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.structure.LightClassOriginKind[] values()
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetBottom(android.view.DisplayCutout)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.serialization.deserialization.descriptors.DeserializedContainerAbiStability: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.serialization.deserialization.descriptors.DeserializedContainerAbiStability[] values()
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.errors.VonageErrorType: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.errors.VonageErrorType[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(int)
com.google.firebase.concurrent.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState: com.google.firebase.concurrent.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setGuidelinePercent(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.Nulls: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.Nulls[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$Api29Impl: void registerActivityLifecycleCallbacks(android.app.Activity,android.app.Application$ActivityLifecycleCallbacks)
androidx.appcompat.view.WindowCallbackWrapper$Api23Impl: android.view.ActionMode onWindowStartingActionMode(android.view.Window$Callback,android.view.ActionMode$Callback,int)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api20Impl: void addResultsToIntent(java.lang.Object,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: java.io.File getCodeCacheDir(android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: android.view.View getTabContainer()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: android.view.WindowInsets dispatchApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
kotlin.collections.AbstractList: AbstractList()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecyclerListener(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerListener)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.ExternalOverridabilityCondition$Contract: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.ExternalOverridabilityCondition$Contract valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getCompoundDrawableTintMode(android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$SDKPlatform: com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$SDKPlatform valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.platform.WindowInfo getWindowInfo()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarBackground()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1: ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1(androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.checker.TypeIntersector$ResultNullability: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.checker.TypeIntersector$ResultNullability[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTabContainer(androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getIconTint()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior: ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setItemInvoker(androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.models.ConversationState: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.models.ConversationState[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setDividerDrawableVertical(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$PeerConnectionState: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$PeerConnectionState[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getEndIconContentDescription()
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: void setItemSpacing(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getPreserveFocusAfterLayout()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean isLayoutSuppressed()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: void setTextInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zznt: com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zznt[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: java.lang.String getCollectionItemRowTitle(java.lang.Object)
com.google.firebase.installations.local.PersistedInstallation$RegistrationStatus: com.google.firebase.installations.local.PersistedInstallation$RegistrationStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api23Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setSmallIcon(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: int getColor(android.content.Context,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$Api33Impl: android.window.OnBackInvokedDispatcher findOnBackInvokedDispatcher(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextStartPaddingResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingService: FirebaseMessagingService()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setSettingsText(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onNestedPreScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int[])
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getCounterOverflowDescription()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatDelegateImpl$Api24Impl: androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat getLocales(android.content.res.Configuration)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getChipSpacingHorizontal()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory setCodec(com.fasterxml.jackson.core.ObjectCodec)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.ErasedOverridabilityCondition: ErasedOverridabilityCondition()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.ClassKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.ClassKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setType(int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.StreamWriteCapability: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.StreamWriteCapability valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.constants.IntegerLiteralTypeConstructor$Companion$Mode: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.constants.IntegerLiteralTypeConstructor$Companion$Mode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxBackgroundColor()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconSize(float)
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationSheetBehavior: FabTransformationSheetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.Object getSystemService(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonParser createParser(java.io.Reader)
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonAutoDetect$Visibility: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonAutoDetect$Visibility valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: android.view.LayoutInflater getInflater()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setRippleColorResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setOnCheckedChangeListener(com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup$OnCheckedChangeListener)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.StreamReadFeature: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.StreamReadFeature[] values()
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnectionFactory: void nativeInitializeFieldTrials(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipText(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateY(float)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatDelegateImpl$Api21Impl: java.lang.String toLanguageTag(java.util.Locale)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder addExtras(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsRegistrar: FirebaseInstallationsRegistrar()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.DeserializationFeature: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.DeserializationFeature[] values()
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnectionFactory: void nativeInitializeInternalTracer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: SearchView$SearchAutoComplete(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeWidth()
androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList getAdjustedDefault()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setThreshold(int)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext getCoroutineContext()
com.google.firebase.datatransport.TransportRegistrar: TransportRegistrar()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutTransition(android.animation.LayoutTransition)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: int getHyphenationFrequency(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.SocketConnectionFailedReason: com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.SocketConnectionFailedReason[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingVerticalResource(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnFlingListener(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener)
kotlin.reflect.KParameter$Kind: kotlin.reflect.KParameter$Kind valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Expression$ConstantValue: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Expression$ConstantValue[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$MemberKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$MemberKind[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView$Api33Impl: boolean isSelectedChildViewEnabled(android.widget.AbsListView)
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzms: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzms[] values()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: long getLastMatrixRecalculationAnimationTime$ui_release()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPrefixTextAppearance(int)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidViewsHandler: java.util.HashMap getLayoutNodeToHolder()
com.google.firebase.analytics.FirebaseAnalytics: com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzlb getScionFrontendApiImplementation(android.content.Context,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillAlpha(float)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.node.LayoutNodeDrawScope getSharedDrawScope()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.ReportLevel: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.ReportLevel valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.CoercionAction: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.CoercionAction valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api28Impl: boolean shouldShowMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.compose.ui.node.LayoutNode$LayoutState: androidx.compose.ui.node.LayoutNode$LayoutState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.text.font.FontFamily$Resolver getFontFamilyResolver()
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessaging: com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessaging getInstance(com.google.firebase.FirebaseApp)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: java.io.File getNoBackupFilesDir(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api30Impl: java.lang.Object createRangeInfo(int,float,float,float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int,int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getBaseline()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager getLayoutManager()
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api24Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setCustomHeadsUpContentView(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.widget.RemoteViews)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void beginAdUnitExposure(java.lang.String,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.firebase.installations.remote.InstallationResponse$ResponseCode: com.google.firebase.installations.remote.InstallationResponse$ResponseCode[] values()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void setCurrentScreen(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: int getLoadPriority()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api23Impl: boolean setLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleLine(int)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder addPerson(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollState(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: int getForegroundGravity()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setIconTintMode(android.view.MenuItem,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.Variance: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.Variance valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setStacked(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.solver.SolverVariable$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.solver.SolverVariable$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getChipIcon()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidClipboardManager getClipboardManager()
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillCallback: void unregister(androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AndroidAutofill)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api26Impl: android.content.Intent registerReceiver(android.content.Context,android.content.BroadcastReceiver,android.content.IntentFilter,java.lang.String,android.os.Handler,int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.KDeclarationContainerImpl$MemberBelonginess: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.KDeclarationContainerImpl$MemberBelonginess[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.error.ErrorScopeKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.error.ErrorScopeKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.jvm.JvmProtoBuf$StringTableTypes$Record$Operation: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.jvm.JvmProtoBuf$StringTableTypes$Record$Operation valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzjn: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzjn[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.TypeCheckerState$LowerCapturedTypePolicy: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.TypeCheckerState$LowerCapturedTypePolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMinor()
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.io.IOContext _createContext(com.fasterxml.jackson.core.io.ContentReference,boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setPressed(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int,boolean)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.AnnotationQualifierApplicabilityType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.AnnotationQualifierApplicabilityType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setAllowSystemGeneratedContextualActions(android.app.Notification$Builder,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.firebase.datatransport.TransportRegistrar: com.google.android.datatransport.TransportFactory lambda$getComponents$0(com.google.firebase.components.ComponentContainer)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconStartPadding(float)
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableTransformationBehavior: ExpandableTransformationBehavior()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getMinFlingVelocity()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.resources.TextAppearance getTextAppearance()
com.google.firebase.installations.remote.TokenResult$ResponseCode: com.google.firebase.installations.remote.TokenResult$ResponseCode[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.kotlin.AbstractBinaryClassAnnotationLoader$PropertyRelatedElement: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.kotlin.AbstractBinaryClassAnnotationLoader$PropertyRelatedElement[] values()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void unregisterOnMeasurementEventListener(com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdp)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeTextType()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: java.lang.String getTransitionName(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.core.view.NestedScrollingChildHelper getScrollingChildHelper()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setExpandedFormat(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setOnConstraintsChanged(androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintsChangedListener)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api30Impl: void setStateDescription(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: int getAnimationMode()
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: android.app.RemoteInput$Builder setAllowDataType(android.app.RemoteInput$Builder,java.lang.String,boolean)
androidx.fragment.app.DialogFragment: DialogFragment()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.calls.AnnotationConstructorCaller$Origin: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.calls.AnnotationConstructorCaller$Origin valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.FieldOverridabilityCondition: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.ExternalOverridabilityCondition$Contract getContract()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.error.ErrorEntity: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.error.ErrorEntity[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzbx: android.os.IBinder asBinder()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: android.view.View findViewByAccessibilityIdTraversal(int)
com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$MessageType: com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$MessageType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setVisibility(int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.ErasedOverridabilityCondition: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.ExternalOverridabilityCondition$Contract getContract()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool getRecycledViewPool()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: boolean isAccessibilityDataSensitive(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setKeyboardNavigationCluster(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMaxHeight(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconTintResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconHovered(boolean)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.JsonDeserializer: JsonDeserializer()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.TypeCheckerState$LowerCapturedTypePolicy: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.TypeCheckerState$LowerCapturedTypePolicy[] values()
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.io.ContentReference _createContentReference(java.lang.Object)
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallerInitializer$Choreographer16Impl: void postFrameCallback(java.lang.Runnable)
com.google.common.collect.BaseImmutableMultimap: BaseImmutableMultimap()
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory: CoreComponentFactory()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.MapperFeature: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.MapperFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void onActivityCreated(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper,android.os.Bundle,long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
co.touchlab.kermit.Severity: co.touchlab.kermit.Severity valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector: com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: TextInputEditText(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.versionedparcelable.CustomVersionedParcelable: CustomVersionedParcelable()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void logEventAndBundle(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdo,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setColor(android.app.Notification$Builder,int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.name.State: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.name.State valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconSizeResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementService: AppMeasurementService()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipCornerRadius()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api31Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setForegroundServiceBehavior(android.app.Notification$Builder,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.model.CaptureStatus: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.model.CaptureStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$ContinualGatheringPolicy: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$ContinualGatheringPolicy[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setSystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setZ(android.view.View,float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: ViewStubCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostResumed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillApi26Helper: boolean isDate(android.view.autofill.AutofillValue)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.OverridingUtil$OverrideCompatibilityInfo$Result: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.OverridingUtil$OverrideCompatibilityInfo$Result[] values()
androidx.compose.ui.text.platform.Api28Impl: android.text.style.TypefaceSpan createTypefaceSpan(android.graphics.Typeface)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView$Api33Impl: void setSelectedChildViewEnabled(android.widget.AbsListView,boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.compose.ui.text.platform.extensions.LocaleListHelperMethods: void setTextLocales(androidx.compose.ui.text.platform.AndroidTextPaint,androidx.compose.ui.text.intl.LocaleList)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$MemberKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$MemberKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.middlewares.http.HTTPClient$HTTPMethod: com.vonage.clientcore.core.middlewares.http.HTTPClient$HTTPMethod valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: int getResId(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getVisibleInsets(android.view.View)
com.google.common.collect.AbstractIterator$State: com.google.common.collect.AbstractIterator$State[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.DescriptorRendererModifier: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.DescriptorRendererModifier[] values()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void getCurrentScreenName(com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdo)
androidx.core.text.ICUCompat$Api24Impl: java.lang.String getScript(java.lang.Object)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.structure.LightClassOriginKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.structure.LightClassOriginKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.middlewares.media.MediaConnectionState: com.vonage.clientcore.core.middlewares.media.MediaConnectionState[] values()
androidx.transition.FragmentTransitionSupport: FragmentTransitionSupport()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableCompatState: int getChangingConfigurations()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.OverridingUtil$OverrideCompatibilityInfo$Result: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.OverridingUtil$OverrideCompatibilityInfo$Result valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.CoercionInputShape: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.CoercionInputShape[] values()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleX()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.RectF getCloseIconTouchBounds()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.util.AccessPattern: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.util.AccessPattern[] values()
com.google.firebase.analytics.FirebaseAnalytics: com.google.firebase.analytics.FirebaseAnalytics getInstance(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.SocketConnectionStatus: com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.SocketConnectionStatus[] values()
com.vonage.android_core.PushType: com.vonage.android_core.PushType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl23: AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl23()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.String[] getDigitStrings(android.icu.text.DecimalFormatSymbols)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getRotation()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: void setIds(java.lang.String)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.filter.TokenFilter$Inclusion: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.filter.TokenFilter$Inclusion[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setImeVisibility(boolean)
androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.java.measurement.MeasurementManagerFutures$Api33Ext5JavaImpl: com.google.common.util.concurrent.ListenableFuture registerWebTriggerAsync(androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.measurement.WebTriggerRegistrationRequest)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setMinLines(int)
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.measurement.dynamite.ModuleDescriptor: ModuleDescriptor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: void setLineSpacing(int)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: void handleException(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext,java.lang.Throwable)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.type.LogicalType: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.type.LogicalType[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getTextStartPadding()
kotlin.reflect.KVariance: kotlin.reflect.KVariance[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getButtonDrawable(android.widget.CompoundButton)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: java.io.Reader _decorate(java.io.Reader,com.fasterxml.jackson.core.io.IOContext)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle$Api31Impl: void setContentDescription(android.app.Notification$BigPictureStyle,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.KDeclarationContainerImpl$MemberBelonginess: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.KDeclarationContainerImpl$MemberBelonginess valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.app.AlertController$RecycleListView: AlertController$RecycleListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconVisible(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getRootWindowInsets(android.view.View)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.deser.DeserializerFactory: DeserializerFactory()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuPresenter getOuterActionMenuPresenter()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$Api33Impl: android.window.OnBackInvokedCallback createOnBackInvokedCallback(kotlin.jvm.functions.Function0)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: void setWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow,int)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: int getMaxUserProperties(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.widget.TextView getSuffixTextView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: androidx.fragment.app.Fragment getFragment()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$EdgeEffectFactory getEdgeEffectFactory()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundColor(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipMinHeightResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api28Impl: android.text.PrecomputedText$Params getTextMetricsParams(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportImageTintList()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setGuidelineEnd(int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.error.ErrorTypeKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.error.ErrorTypeKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.descriptors.JavaMethodDescriptor$ParameterNamesStatus: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.descriptors.JavaMethodDescriptor$ParameterNamesStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.LegStatus: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.LegStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setNeedsEmptyIcon(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getIconGravity()
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View)
androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour: androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.StreamReadCapability: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.StreamReadCapability[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getChipStrokeColor()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.annotations.AnnotationUseSiteTarget: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.annotations.AnnotationUseSiteTarget[] values()
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillApi26Helper: java.lang.CharSequence textValue(android.view.autofill.AutofillValue)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: ButtonBarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: int getType(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ChipTextInputComboView: ChipTextInputComboView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat: RemoteActionCompat()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.RenderNodeVerificationHelper28: int getSpotShadowColor(android.view.RenderNode)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment: ReportFragment()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.Object getSystemService(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEnabledResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownVerticalOffset()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathEnd(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getHintCurrentCollapsedTextColor()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.widget.TextView getPrefixTextView()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api28Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder setSemanticAction(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.MaterialAutoCompleteTextView: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.UnsignedArrayType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.UnsignedArrayType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: boolean isRound()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.Menu getMenu()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ListPopupWindow$Api29Impl: void setEpicenterBounds(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.graphics.Rect)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: MaterialButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getMaxWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter getAdapter()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void stopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageResource(int)
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setImageTintList(android.widget.ImageView,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPreStopped(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getFirstVisibleChildIndex()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api23Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder createBuilder(android.graphics.drawable.Icon,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: android.view.contentcapture.ContentCaptureSession getContentCaptureSession(android.view.View)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: boolean canHandleBinaryNatively()
io.socket.engineio.client.Transport$ReadyState: io.socket.engineio.client.Transport$ReadyState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.datatransport.Priority: com.google.android.datatransport.Priority valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setPopupCallback(androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMaxWidth(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseIcon(int)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.ColorFilter getColorFilter(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillApi23Helper: void setDimens(android.view.ViewStructure,int,int,int,int,int,int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.ExternalOverridabilityCondition$Contract: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.ExternalOverridabilityCondition$Contract[] values()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.hapticfeedback.HapticFeedback getHapticFeedBack()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeAlpha()
com.google.firebase.installations.local.PersistedInstallation$RegistrationStatus: com.google.firebase.installations.local.PersistedInstallation$RegistrationStatus[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.widget.EditText getEditText()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void getCachedAppInstanceId(com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdo)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setSubMenuArrowVisible(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api28Impl: android.graphics.Typeface create(android.graphics.Typeface,int,boolean)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.Modality: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.Modality valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.checker.TypeIntersector$ResultNullability: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.checker.TypeIntersector$ResultNullability valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonGenerator _createGenerator(java.io.Writer,com.fasterxml.jackson.core.io.IOContext)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeDisplayCutout()
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsRegistrar: java.util.List getComponents()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: void setOnReceiveContentListener(android.view.View,java.lang.String[],androidx.core.view.OnReceiveContentListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAligned(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzjg: com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.zzjg[] values()
com.vonage.webrtc.Logging$Severity: com.vonage.webrtc.Logging$Severity[] values()
androidx.core.graphics.PaintCompat$Api23Impl: boolean hasGlyph(android.graphics.Paint,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$Behavior: BaseTransientBottomBar$Behavior()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidthFocusedResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleSelection(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setPopupTheme(int)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: boolean isTextSelectable(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setTextClassifier(android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$SdpSemantics: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$SdpSemantics[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setShouldDrawSurfaceColorStroke(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCounterOverflowTextColor()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconEnabledResource(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: void logEventInternal(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1: void onActivityPostResumed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginEnd(int)
androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.internal.AdServicesInfo$Extensions30Impl: int getAdServicesVersion()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: int getScrollIndicators(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setVisibility(int)
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingRegistrar: com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessaging lambda$getComponents$0(com.google.firebase.components.Qualified,com.google.firebase.components.ComponentContainer)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.typeEnhancement.MutabilityQualifier: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.typeEnhancement.MutabilityQualifier valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Expression$ConstantValue: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Expression$ConstantValue valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: android.app.AppOpsManager getSystemService(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxCollapsedPaddingTop()
com.vonage.clientcore.core.reducers.call.CallDirection: com.vonage.clientcore.core.reducers.call.CallDirection valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: kotlinx.coroutines.MainCoroutineDispatcher createDispatcher(java.util.List)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: ActionBarContextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void applyInsetTypes()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$TypeImpl30: int toPlatformType(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getZ(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconVisible(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.content.Context getPopupContext()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getLastVisibleChildIndex()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.jsontype.PolymorphicTypeValidator$Validity: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.jsontype.PolymorphicTypeValidator$Validity valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getContainerTitle(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundColorStateList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: void requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api26Impl: void setAutoSizeTextTypeUniformWithConfiguration(android.widget.TextView,int,int,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: void setMinDurationBetweenContentChangeMillis(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,long)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipBackgroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutManager(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setTooltipText(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setOverriddenInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets[])
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setBadgeIconType(android.app.Notification$Builder,int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: boolean requiresPropertyOrdering()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle$Api31Impl: void showBigPictureWhenCollapsed(android.app.Notification$BigPictureStyle,boolean)
androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.measurement.MeasurementManager$Api33Ext5Impl: java.lang.Object registerSource(android.net.Uri,android.view.InputEvent,kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementJobService: AppMeasurementJobService()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: int getNextClusterForwardId(android.view.View)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.conversation.VoiceChannelType: com.vonage.clientcore.core.conversation.VoiceChannelType[] values()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.autofill.Autofill getAutofill()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: Barrier(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.type.ResolvedType: ResolvedType()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.kotlin.header.KotlinClassHeader$Kind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.kotlin.header.KotlinClassHeader$Kind[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCollapseIcon()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setOnScrollChangeListener(androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$OnScrollChangeListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMinor()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: boolean hasRequestInitialAccessibilityFocus(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.serialization.deserialization.AnnotatedCallableKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.serialization.deserialization.AnnotatedCallableKind[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.Context getPopupContext()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.JavaIncompatibilityRulesOverridabilityCondition: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.resolve.ExternalOverridabilityCondition$Contract getContract()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextAppearance(int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.Module: Module()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getMaxFlingVelocity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: void setStateDescription(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillApi23Helper: int addChildCount(android.view.ViewStructure,int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior: AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: java.lang.String getPathName()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: int getBreakStrategy(android.widget.TextView)
com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$Event: com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$Event[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemWindowInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.material.behavior.HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior: HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMaxWidth()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setHideMotionSpecResource(int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.ReflectionFactoryImpl: ReflectionFactoryImpl()
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api23Impl: boolean shouldShowRequestPermissionRationale(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.encoders.proto.Protobuf$IntEncoding: com.google.firebase.encoders.proto.Protobuf$IntEncoding[] values()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setContentHeight(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setRootViewData(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatDelegateImpl$Api24Impl: void setDefaultLocales(androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getMinWidth()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextStartPadding(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAutofillId(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.autofill.AutofillIdCompat)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.conversation.CallCompleteReason: com.vonage.clientcore.core.conversation.CallCompleteReason[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowReserved(boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeAlpha(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getLayoutResource()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCloseIconTint()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeErrorColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setMandatorySystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.TransportBackendDiscovery: TransportBackendDiscovery()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: java.lang.String getCurrentScreenClass()
kotlin.Metadata: int xi()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.common.collect.Maps$EntryFunction: com.google.common.collect.Maps$EntryFunction valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeTextType()
androidx.compose.ui.text.platform.extensions.LocaleListHelperMethods: java.lang.Object localeSpan(androidx.compose.ui.text.intl.LocaleList)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setChecked(boolean)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$VersionRequirement$VersionKind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$VersionRequirement$VersionKind[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getBackgroundDrawable()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxBackgroundMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setInsetTop(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.PrimitiveType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.PrimitiveType[] values()
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getVisibleButtonCount()
androidx.compose.ui.state.ToggleableState: androidx.compose.ui.state.ToggleableState[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getHelperTextCurrentTextColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setShowDividers(int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Effect$EffectType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Effect$EffectType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getIconStartPadding()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMaxHeight()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setHorizontalGravity(int)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.introspect.ClassIntrospector: ClassIntrospector()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean isFocusedByDefault(android.view.View)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setLayoutTransition(android.animation.LayoutTransition)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getIconTintList(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getSuffixText()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportImageTintMode()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: boolean getShowLayoutBounds()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper: ObjectMapper()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.focus.FocusOwner getFocusOwner()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior: ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getErrorTextCurrentColor()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Visibility: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Visibility valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintAnimationEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconVisible(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setInternalBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setDividerDrawableHorizontal(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.firebase.concurrent.ExecutorsRegistrar: ExecutorsRegistrar()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api26Impl: boolean setFontVariationSettings(android.widget.TextView,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: boolean getOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$VersionRequirement$Level: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$VersionRequirement$Level[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.annotations.KotlinRetention: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.descriptors.annotations.KotlinRetention valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setHyphenationFrequency(android.widget.TextView,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.solver.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type[] values()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void logHealthData(int,java.lang.String,com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper,com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper,com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconVisible(boolean)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: NestedScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void initialize(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper,com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdw,long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzjp: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzjp[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
androidx.compose.ui.autofill.AutofillApi26Helper: void setAutofillHints(android.view.ViewStructure,java.lang.String[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1: android.view.WindowInsets onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setGroupDividerEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzd$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzfo$zzd$zzb[] values()
com.vonage.voice.utils.MediaUtils: long nativeCreateAudioProcessorInternal(long,long,com.vonage.voice.utils.TransformerObserverAdapter)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextAppearanceResource(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: CheckableImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonProperty$Access: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonProperty$Access[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setOverriddenInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets[])
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: long getMeasureIteration()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setRootWindowInsets(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getTopFadingEdgeStrength()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: void saveAttributeDataForStyleable(android.view.View,android.content.Context,int[],android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.TypedArray,int,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidthResource(int)
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver: FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver()
androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.java.measurement.MeasurementManagerFutures$Api33Ext5JavaImpl: com.google.common.util.concurrent.ListenableFuture registerSourceAsync(android.net.Uri,android.view.InputEvent)
com.google.firebase.installations.ktx.FirebaseInstallationsKtxRegistrar: FirebaseInstallationsKtxRegistrar()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: void getFontLoader$annotations()
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForegroundGravity(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: int hashCode()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeViewTranslationCallbackS: void clearViewTranslationCallback(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getTooltipText(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleY(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setEnsureMinTouchTargetSize(boolean)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api33Impl: android.content.Intent registerReceiver(android.content.Context,android.content.BroadcastReceiver,android.content.IntentFilter,java.lang.String,android.os.Handler,int)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetLeft(android.view.DisplayCutout)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumHeight()
com.google.android.gms.common.ErrorDialogFragment: ErrorDialogFragment()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.name.State: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.name.State[] values()
com.vonage.webrtc.BuiltinAudioEncoderFactoryFactory: long nativeCreateBuiltinAudioEncoderFactory()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.typeEnhancement.NullabilityQualifier: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.typeEnhancement.NullabilityQualifier valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.TimePickerView: TimePickerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.SpecialGenericSignatures$SpecialSignatureInfo: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.load.java.SpecialGenericSignatures$SpecialSignatureInfo[] values()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotX()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.introspect.Annotated: Annotated()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getCounterMaxLength()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: void setLayoutDirection(androidx.compose.ui.unit.LayoutDirection)
androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.measurement.MeasurementManager$Api33Ext5Impl: java.lang.Object getMeasurementApiStatus(kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.CSMessageType: com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.CSMessageType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: void beginAdUnitExposure(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStartPaddingResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportImageTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: java.util.Map getDataResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipStrokeWidth()
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setSuffixText(java.lang.CharSequence)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Modality: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Modality[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.java.measurement.MeasurementManagerFutures$Api33Ext5JavaImpl: com.google.common.util.concurrent.ListenableFuture registerWebSourceAsync(androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.measurement.WebSourceRegistrationRequest)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeStableInsets()
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.compose.ui.node.LayoutNode$UsageByParent: androidx.compose.ui.node.LayoutNode$UsageByParent valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPrePaused(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconPressed(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl23: void computeAndSetTextDirection(android.text.StaticLayout$Builder,android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconMode(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextAppearance(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getTappableElementInsets()
androidx.core.graphics.Insets$Api29Impl: android.graphics.Insets of(int,int,int,int)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerPadding()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: java.lang.CharSequence getCloseIconContentDescription()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata$Api30Impl: android.app.Notification$BubbleMetadata toPlatform(androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.CharSequence castToCharSequence(android.text.PrecomputedText)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Modality: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$Modality valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewGroupCompat$Api21Impl: int getNestedScrollAxes(android.view.ViewGroup)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getErrorIconDrawable()
com.google.android.material.behavior.HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior: HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: int getSearchViewTextMinWidthDp()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setViewCacheExtension(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateX()
androidx.core.os.BundleCompat$Api33Impl: android.util.SparseArray getSparseParcelableArray(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,java.lang.Class)
kotlin.reflect.KParameter$Kind: kotlin.reflect.KParameter$Kind[] values()
com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.CSConversationEventType: com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.CSConversationEventType valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.PropertyAccessorRenderingPolicy: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.renderer.PropertyAccessorRenderingPolicy[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.jvm.JvmBuiltIns$Kind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.jvm.JvmBuiltIns$Kind valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.CSMessageType: com.vonage.clientcore.core.actions.CSMessageType[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextEndPadding(float)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getText()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeSystemWindowInsets()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void callCompatInsetAnimationCallback(android.view.WindowInsets,android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper,com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzdo,long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setTextInputAccessibilityDelegate(com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout$AccessibilityDelegate)
com.google.firebase.concurrent.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState: com.google.firebase.concurrent.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.incremental.components.NoLookupLocation: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.incremental.components.NoLookupLocation[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.TypeSubstitutor$VarianceConflictType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.TypeSubstitutor$VarianceConflictType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconVisible(boolean)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonToken: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonToken[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEnd()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconEndPadding(float)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: java.util.Set getAllowedDataTypes(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setLayoutDirection(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemViewCacheSize(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setVisibility(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderTextAppearance(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getStrokeColor()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getItemDecorationCount()
kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart: kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart[] values()
kotlin.time.DurationUnit: kotlin.time.DurationUnit valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getElevation(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$CandidateNetworkPolicy: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$CandidateNetworkPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager: StaggeredGridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setBackInvokedCallbackEnabled(boolean)
com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$SDKPlatform: com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$SDKPlatform[] values()
com.google.common.collect.Maps$EntryFunction: com.google.common.collect.Maps$EntryFunction[] values()
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getChipCount()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: boolean canApplyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeViewAccessibilityDelegateCompat$TranslateStatus: androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeViewAccessibilityDelegateCompat$TranslateStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: boolean onNestedPreFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float)
com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$ContinualGatheringPolicy: com.vonage.webrtc.PeerConnection$ContinualGatheringPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder createBuilder(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonParser _createParser(char[],int,int,com.fasterxml.jackson.core.io.IOContext,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getLogo()
androidx.core.os.BundleCompat$Api33Impl: java.lang.Object[] getParcelableArray(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,java.lang.Class)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getCheckedButtonId()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPrompt(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonCreator$Mode: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonCreator$Mode valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.Metadata: int k()
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.Base64Variant$PaddingReadBehaviour: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.Base64Variant$PaddingReadBehaviour valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaselineAlignedChildIndex()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: int getType()
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.firebase.transport.LogEventDropped$Reason: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.firebase.transport.LogEventDropped$Reason[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setError(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconTintResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1: ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setShortcutId(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeMinTextSize()
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzcj: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzcj[] values()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.TypeUsage: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.TypeUsage valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: java.lang.String getGmpAppId()
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$TypeParameter$Variance: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.metadata.ProtoBuf$TypeParameter$Variance[] values()
com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonFactory: com.fasterxml.jackson.core.ObjectCodec getCodec()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
kotlin.Metadata: int[] mv()
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonCreator$Mode: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonCreator$Mode[] values()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setOnHierarchyChangeListener(android.view.ViewGroup$OnHierarchyChangeListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager: LinearLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconEnabledResource(int)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void addOnUnhandledKeyEventListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$OnUnhandledKeyEventListenerCompat)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorTextAppearance(int)
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: void setShowLayoutBounds(boolean)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.serialization.deserialization.builtins.BuiltInsLoaderImpl: BuiltInsLoaderImpl()
com.example.myapp2.FirebaseMessagingService: FirebaseMessagingService()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getNavigationIcon()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnAttachStateChangeListener(com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$OnAttachStateChangeListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl: boolean isHorizontallyScrollable(android.widget.TextView)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatDelegateImpl$Api33Impl: void unregisterOnBackInvokedCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate getCompatAccessibilityDelegate()
androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.java.measurement.MeasurementManagerFutures$Api33Ext5JavaImpl: com.google.common.util.concurrent.ListenableFuture deleteRegistrationsAsync(androidx.privacysandbox.ads.adservices.measurement.DeletionRequest)
androidx.core.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$Api34Impl: float getAxisVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void onActivityDestroyed(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setStackedBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.os.BundleCompat$Api33Impl: java.io.Serializable getSerializable(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,java.lang.Class)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationBehavior: FabTransformationBehavior()
androidx.core.os.BundleCompat$Api33Impl: java.util.ArrayList getParcelableArrayList(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,java.lang.Class)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api23Impl: android.net.Uri getUri(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusBottomStart()
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.ConstructorDetector$SingleArgConstructor: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.cfg.ConstructorDetector$SingleArgConstructor[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPrefixTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextAppearance(com.google.android.material.resources.TextAppearance)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getCollapseContentDescription()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setExpandedHintEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconGravity(int)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: java.lang.String getOpPackageName(android.content.Context)
kotlin.collections.AbstractMutableList: AbstractMutableList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: ActionBarOverlayLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$Api33Impl: void registerOnBackInvokedCallback(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setShowMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.model.TypeVariance: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.types.model.TypeVariance[] values()
com.google.firebase.analytics.FirebaseAnalytics: void setCurrentScreen(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: ActionMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.annotation.JsonSerialize$Typing: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.annotation.JsonSerialize$Typing valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getPlaceholderTextColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportAllCaps(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCheckMarkTintMode()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.SessionErrorReason: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.SessionErrorReason valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getTextEndPadding()
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzbv: com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzbv[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.GridLayoutManager: GridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
io.socket.client.Manager$ReadyState: io.socket.client.Manager$ReadyState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMeasurementDynamiteService: void setUserProperty(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper,boolean,long)
com.google.firebase.messaging.threads.ThreadPriority: com.google.firebase.messaging.threads.ThreadPriority valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior: FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStartIconDrawable()
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsException$Status: com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsException$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setElevation(android.view.View,float)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: void setContainerTitle(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList createLocaleList(java.util.Locale[])
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setSuffixTextAppearance(int)
com.google.firebase.ktx.FirebaseCommonKtxRegistrar: FirebaseCommonKtxRegistrar()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetEnd()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks()
androidx.compose.ui.platform.AndroidComposeView: androidx.compose.ui.unit.LayoutDirection getLayoutDirection()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder$Api21Impl: android.media.AudioAttributes$Builder createBuilder()
com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.models.ConversationState: com.vonage.clientcore.core.api.models.ConversationState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonFormat$Shape: com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonFormat$Shape valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.DeserializationFeature: com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.DeserializationFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View$OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api26Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Icon createWithAdaptiveBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: ContentFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setRootAlpha(int)
kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.jvm.JvmBuiltIns$Kind: kotlin.reflect.jvm.internal.impl.builtins.jvm.JvmBuiltIns$Kind[] values()
androidx.activity.Api34Impl: android.window.BackEvent createOnBackEvent(float,float,float,int)
